the director 's duties are set out in a succinct and more coherent way .	the duties of the director shall be defined in a concise and transparent manner .
you 're going to regret it .	you will be sorry .
i 'm just going through an awkward stage .	now i 'm crossing a weird phase .
we are not leaving .	we 're not going away !
is there something you wanted other than to destroy my self-esteem ?	did you want anything else besides the destruction of my pride ?
that 's me walking up my stairs .	this is me climbing the stairs .
he might have been the very spirit of that terrible place .	it could be the spirit of this horrible country .
come up with a character . you 're a texas oil tycoon guy .	make your figure , like an oil tycoon of texas .
second , i am half-breed ! i underwent the life without knowing in case that i am chinese or dark .	secondly , i 'm a half-breed , and all my life i struggle with whether i 'm chinese or i 'm black .
i am thinking it over , mother .	i 'm thinking , mom , i 'm thinking ...
i beg your pardon , but because of my engagement perhaps another member of the firm could consider this .	i 'm sorry , but given my circumstances , a different member of the company might be able to attend to it .
sometimes it breaks people . ”	sometimes people break it. ``
the seminar for enhancing your memory ?	a course to improve the memory ?
he was to make me a ramjac vice-president after that .	then he should have made me vice president of the ramjac .
german figurative marks which contain the word element ‘ w .	opposition trade mark or labelling : german figurative mark containing an element `` w .
hey , you got ta forgive reg .	you have to excuse rege .
`` have you and ulath decided who gets to dispose of lycheas yet ? ' tynian asked .	'you 've already agreed with ulath , who 's going to liquidate lychea ? 'tynian asked .
i wo n't let them hurt me .	i 'm not gon na hurt myself .
the minority party in my brain spoke only for itself .	the minority part of my brain was just talking to myself .
you can not log on at this time .	it is now impossible to log on .
they used to switch their babies for ours .	they traded our children for theirs .
they would 've killed me once i had all that coke on the boat .	they would have killed me after i helped them carry the cocaine to the ship .
two workshops , with presenta- tions by gérard dantin , president of the eesc ’ s acp–eu follow-up committee and sukhdev sharma , eesc member and rapporteur	workshops involving mr gerard-da dantina , chair of the eesc 's monitoring committee for the acp-eu relations , and mr sukhdeva shar-
the assassin might finally have met his match .	a killer could finally meet an equal rival .
they will see your blue-within-blue eyes and think them pretty . ''	they 'll see your blue-blue eyes , and they 'll look beautiful. ``
it was tempting , he had certainly killed enough people in his short and vicious lifetime to call this justice .	a tempting thought , i 'm sure he killed enough people for his brief and malevolent life so that it could be called a fair punishment .
never visit a patient .	never go to the patient !
actually , it makes me curious .	as a matter of fact , i 'm curious .
however many facebook friends she gets ,	have a lot of friends on facebook ,
an aitra takes drugs it transforms harmless gli in wild beasts .	another drug turns harmless people into wild animals .
thus , market forces alone should suffice to prompt the company to incur the corresponding training expenses .	market forces , therefore , should be enough alone to encourage enterprise to spend their respective spending on education .
all the hegemony officials went out to the spaceport for evacuation before your friend even went hunting for you . ''	all hegemony officials had gone to port and evacuated before your friend came looking for you. ``
junior , i said knock it off .	kid , i told you to stop .
damn ... it 's ... it 's you ? ..	the hell ... is that you ?
everyone miked up ?	are they all resonated ?
last night had nothing to do with me .	i was n't on duty last night .
teresa , on the other hand , is a different story .	on the other side of theresa ... that 's different .
you had a lucky hunch	that he was lucky to have his hunch .
harry flattened himself against the wall as mr. weasley came clattering past with his robes on back-to-front and hurtled out of sight .	harry quickly pressed against the wall , as mr. weas-ley rushed in the robes in front of him , running around them - and he was gone .
well , that donor was supposed to be exclusive , but clearly that girl 's mother was given some too .	he should have been an exclusive donor , but the woman 's mother obviously got the same thing .
a hundred bucks says you wo n't make it till 3 without tossing your cookies .	a hundred bucks , you throw up everything in three .
i have some vomit on my t-shirt ?	did i throw up my shirt ?
the shouts were in the cadence of a rehearsed foreign language .	the screams had an intonation practiced by a foreign language .
there are six missiles on board ... ... targeted at strategic american installations .	it carries six missiles aimed at strategic objectives in the us .
reforming the public compensation system , including by unifying and simplifying the pay scales and reforming the bonus system .	( f ) reform of the state aid system , including the unification and simplification of grades and reforms of the premium regime ;
and even though it did not work out between us at all ...	although it has n't really worked out between us .
the chimp shrieked protests and grimaced .	the chimpanzee screamed in protest and grinned .
god be praised . i am victorious .	praise god , i have triumphed .
why does your mother think that you 've dropped out of school ?	what 's the reason your mother thinks you left school ?
test files when this wizard finishes .	start testing files after this wizard is completed
she raised an eyebrow .	tattersail raised her eyebrows .
perhaps your religion forbid it .	religious beliefs , perhaps .
there was way too much to lose .	you would have lost too much .
we 're closed !	it 's closed .
the people 's hospital , where any poor redneck and nigger can get the best without paying a dime .	a public hospital where every poor farmer or black man can come ... without paying for it .
they are without honour .	they have no honor .
it is quite natural , to have doubts .	it 's entirely natural to be in doubt .
gladstone took no pleasure in the betrayal .	gladstone was not happy about betrayal .
wow ! that is so pretty .	oh , that 's so nice .
it 's as if these films were being made on your street corner , in a way .	those films look like they 're doing them on the corner of the street .
this is so exciting .	oh , that 's wonderful .
you got all this from an examination of the knee ?	you found all that in your knee exam ?
and some bread too .	one more loaf of bread .
they ai n't goin ' anywhere .	we 're not going anywhere .
among these symbols is kali ... goddess of eternal destruction and creation- creation being impossible without destruction .	creating a creature is not possible without its destruction .
improving difficult working conditions , limiting night-time working and reducing stress levels are ways of preparing for a healthy old age .	just cutting work intensity , reducing night work and reducing the stress rate is a way to prepare for healthy aging .
my dad said that looking at them made him think of my name . he wanted me to be a child who always smiled , like the flowers .	when my father saw them , he thought , `` i 'll raise my baby to smile like a flower .
no ! if we all get killed , there 's no stopping this plague .	if they kill us all , no one will stop the contagion .
can somebody get that phone ?	is anyone picking up the phone ?
we 're going to the theatre .	let 's go to the theater .
can anyone ever know how many stalks are in a rice field ?	who knows how many blades ... .. .in a field of rice ?
if i can offer some advice ?	may i give you one piece of advice ?
furthermore , member states are invited to clearly indicate whether the notification contains any business secrets .	member states shall also be invited to state unequivocally if the notification contains a trade secret .
that was for the press .	it 's for journalists .
in the figure below the pharmacodynamics of liprolog mix25 and liprolog basal are illustrated .	the following picture is displayed by pharmacodynamika liprologu mix25 and liprologu basal .
beyond the kitchen door nothing could be seen but vague , threatening shadows — and something that looked like the outline of a human form , standing very still .	there was nothing to see behind the kitchen door than vague , menacing shadows - and what appeared to be a completely motionless human figure .
and coffee . . . yes . . . coffee was in there somewhere .	and coffee ... yes ... the coffee was part of it , too .
you 're happy with 50 % ?	is 50 percent enough for you ?
are there many windows ?	and a lot of windows ?
are n't we going in ?	shall we go inside ?
sending the others out to be killed .	you send others to death , they 'll kill them .
i wanted to tell antonio , they were good friends in school .	there were a lot of friends at school .
sorry to hear that .	sorry , i did n't know .
alex was absolutely sure after hearing a couple of guards make sarcastic comments about n'chlos and his weakness .	alex was 100 % sure when he heard the sarcastic remarks of two guards about n'rourke 's weakness .
he died in a fight ?	did he die at the game ?
her breasts are so big .	she 's got big tits .
pitt appeared relaxed and said nothing , almost as if enjoying the fight .	pitt seemed fine and almost as if he had enjoyed himself in silence .
and this bravery of yours , it may save us yet .	but your courage can still save us .
`` ... she loves me not ... ''	he does n't love me .
south korean presidential election , 2007	president south korea 's election
a wide-ranging consultation has been carried out to prepare this initiative , including analysis conducted by experts and consultation of stakeholders .	in preparing this initiative , there were extensive consultations involving expert analysis and discussions with interested parties .
i will feel very bad ... it will hurt a lot too .	i 'm gon na feel terrible . it 's gon na hurt .
jenschik klaus colonel military counsellor of austria to the military committee of the european union	jenschik klaus colonel conseiller militaire d'autriche auprès du military militaire de l'union européenne
looks likeshe forgot a page .	she seems to have forgotten one page .
they should n't be using the antarctica network .	they would n't have used the antarctic grid .
nobody 's ever gon na forget it .	no one 's going to forget this .
have you heard of a lake ?	you know anything about the lake ?
not if it goes the way we hope .	not if that 's what we 're hoping .
jem , do you want to change at all before eating ?	hey , are n't you gon na change before we eat ?
repository for data from transition and emerging market economies	repository of information from the field of transformation economy and market economy
i do n't recall ever seeing that before .	i 've never seen it before .
he had told no one that he intended to go to the shop .	he did n't tell anyone he intended to visit this store .
then they just let it deteriorate , while yelling that management 's offer was too low .	then they 'll let it get even worse , and during that they shout that what leadership offers is too little .
uh , we 're not stealing it , we 're just borrowing it .	we do n't steal him , we just borrow him .
i am captain gudnayev , saint petersburg militsiya .	i 'm captain gudnaev of the st. petersburg militia .
whenever you 're ready . just fire away .	fire as soon as you like .
through all these changes , the basic design of the city had not altered .	in addition to all those modifications , the city 's basic plan remained unchanged .
it 's all gon na be very cool .	everything will be fine .
could somebody be trying to set me up for it ?	could anyone try , throw it at me ?
listen , all of you !	everyone , listen up .
this is fucking ridiculous .	it 's ridiculous !
“ if we had made a statement , this couple might be alive today , ” laurie said .	'if they made that statement , these two might have been still alive , 'laurie said .
worst seats in the house .	no worse seats here .
large coffee to go .	a big cup of coffee .
beyond was a hallway lined by display cases .	behind the gate was a corridor lined with vigils .
is she an enemy ?	is he among the enemies ?
'there 's not much you can do against crossbows .	`` you ca n't handle much against the samosas .
gubru machinery , the exposed guts of the armored vehicles , gears , impellers , gravities . . .	gadget equipment , rolled-out entrails of armored vehicles , different gear , rotors , gravitizers ...
yeah , we got nothing down here , either .	there 's nothing down there either !
aunt petunia looked both frightened and embarrassed ; she kept glancing around , as though terrified somebody she knew would see her in such company .	aunt petunia looked horrified and indignant at the same time ; she constantly looked around as if afraid of someone familiar with her in a society like this .
your coffee 's about as bad as your gas .	your coffee is dirty , just like your fuel .
pick up them feet ! '	raise your feet ! ``
in one of the nights , i had trouble sleeping .	one night i could n't sleep at all .
no additional annual decision is required .	no further annual decisions need to be made .
you 're right not to want to sleep .	it 's not good that you do n't sleep .
( c ) `` threat of serious injury '' means serious injury that is clearly imminent ;	`` serious harm '' means clear general damage to the status of community producers ;
the mesquites by the road so thick with mistletoe they looked like liveoaks .	the meskite of the road was such an overgrown mistletoe that they resembled more of a virginal oak .
something in your mike ?	you got anything with the mike ?
whatever you 're offering , i 'm not interested .	whatever you offer , do n't take me .
thy angel is thee ever near	the angel is yours now
boys have such an easy life .	guys have a lot easier in life .
has anyone ever told you you 're a slow driver ?	did anyone ever tell you to drive slower ?
you 'll be back home . someday .	you 're going home ... once .
left knows not what right is doing	left does n't know what he 's doing .
and we continue to play our games here ! ''	and we 're still playing some game ! '
i can not wait to work in that office .	i ca n't wait for this job .
hopefully , the explosion will propel us into reality .	let 's hope this explosion throws us back to reality .
we must leave now , darling .	okay , we have to go , honey .
the doctor came yesterday . –and ?	there was a doctor here yesterday .
covers all transportation services by sea .	it includes all maritime transport services .
watch , he 'll break a cracker with it .	look , now it 's gon na break the cookie .
everybody hurts everybody .	everyone is hurting each other .
mommy , mommy ! donna might be pregnant !	mom , mom , donna may be pregnant .
experience has shown that 50 such rotations are usually sufficient for the establishment of the partition equilibrium .	experience suggests that 50 such rotation is usually required to establish a equilibrium distribution .
grab their boots and rifles !	take them shoes and guns .
you may not wan na know .	maybe you do n't even want to know .
you 've all volunteered for a mission which gives you just three ways to go :	you have all willingly chosen a mission that offers you three options .
to the physician :	for your doctor :
looks like they 've done some modifications on-site— moved tracon phones , i.l.s. , all the underground stuff ... so they could handle drainage .	they seem to have made some adjustments to the area , moved tra-con phones , ils , everything that runs underground so that they can do plumbing .
the aircraft had been severed !	the plane has broken !
ca n't she take a joke ?	ca n't i tell her jokes ?
even that brother of yours .	same as your brother .
only hurry ! hurry !	make it quick !
legs were swept from underneath them , invisible elbows connected with soft parts of their bodies .	something ripped off their feet , into the soft parts of the body , narrated by bony elbows .
is it all rightfor me to bring my elder sister ?	i brought my older sister .
garbage gay , garbage gay , garbage gay .	garbage of gays ...
why is the shutter opening ? !	why does he open ?
i invented tami , you asshole .	you ... fucker !
`` not convinced yet , huh ? ''	`` you still do n't believe what ? ''
but over-confidence ... may ruin you	but overconfidence can also destroy you .
because bananas are perishable , those stages must be carefully planned .	as bananas rapidly deteriorate , these phases need to be thoroughly planned .
for your penance meditate on those words	as penance ponders these words ,
display driving directions ...	show driver instructions ...
he 's a little strange .	kind of weird .
refresh the preview when saving the document	restore a preview when document is saved
we ’ re fighting terrorists , and we ’ re securing democracy . ”	we fight terrorists and provide democracy. ``
do n't think i 'll outlki 's little hemp farm on my own ?	you think i ca n't handle a little iki marijuana farm myself ?
its so tough to be italian ?	being italian is so hard , huh ?
again , dedinger lifted an eyebrow .	dedinger raised one eyebrow once more .
not much call for a geometry teacher to wear an armani suit .	from the armani suit , we do n't know much about teacher geometry .
filthy , filthy creature !	you dirty monster !
and that stitching is so intricate .	and the complicated stitch .
the price levels are unlikely to go down .	that price levels would be reduced is unlikely .
no matter which wire he pulled , he would have died .	he did n't die because of the damn wire he pulled .
'i know no name of durbeyfield ;	`` i have not heard the name durbeyfield ;
i 'm not leaving you on your own .	no , i wo n't leave you alone .
it had sat on too many troubled heads .	it was a too large number of worried heads .
just saying i 've seen men have their fingernails pulled off treated more humanely than you did that kid .	i only saw men with ripped nails that they treated better than you did with the boy .
the president explained the electronic voting procedure that would be used in the second ballot .	the chairman has announced the guidelines for the electronic vote , which will apply to the second round .
but this is sort of gambling !	but it 's a game !
your baby was a girl . ours is going to be a boy .	you had a girl . we 're gon na have a boyfriend .
we even might have gotten sick without tobogganing .	maybe i 'd get sick even if we did n't go sledding .
thirty years next april . - oh , that 's beautiful .	in april , it will be 30 years .
haemorrhage hemorrhage has been observed with cabozantinib .	haemoragia when cabozantinib was used , haemoragia was observed .
i was having drinks with susan till 9 .	by the age of nine , i had been drinking with susan .
the removal of the mask is a sentence of guilt .	removing masks means guilt .
try to imagine an infant ... enraged over some slight frustration ...	try to imagine a child , infuriated by some subtle disappointment .
it 's remarkably easy to join a war .	getting involved in a war is extremely easy .
there 's five no 's and the - that motion fails .	so we have five no and the proposal has not been approved .
our day is gone .	our days have passed .
where do you think you 're goin ' ?	where the hell are you going ?
i wan na see !	i want to see her .
that 's bullshit .	this is shit .
yet there was a look about eye .	but i could see a certain look in his eyes .
data suggest that caspofungin at 25 mg/m2 daily in neonates and infants ( less than 3 months of age )	infants ( aged up to 3 months ) and 50 mg / m2 daily in young children ( aged 3 to 11 months )
we got a mutiny on our hands .	the rebellion is in our hands ...
we 've got no diplomatic relations with that country .	we have no diplomatic connection to this state .
i have not commanded it to seek my safety .	i did n't order him to look for my security .
long enough to ensure that lizzie is calm when you return .	so long as we 're sure lizzie will calm down so far .
that good-looking , huh ?	such a good-looking guy ?
i 've heard that same tired shit for years !	i hear the same shit , i 'm tired .
how 's it stupid ?	why would that be stupid ?
he was a lawyer .	he 's an attorney .
joyce ’ s camera was running .	joycina 's camera ran .
`` boundary of memory '' ?	the limit of memory .
it 'll be delivered tomorrow morning .	they 'll bring him in tomorrow .
crazy dave can keep his cash .	tell mad dave to keep the money .
- it was fun !	that was great fun .
but there had been no way ; the world 's religious millions paid an enormous amount of taxes .	but it could n't be done , as millions of believers around the world paid non-negligible taxes .
pt em caso de indisposição , consulte um médico .	pt enxaguar imediatamente com muita água a roupa e a pele contaminadas antes de se despir .
`` you fuckin ' idiot .	you 're an asshole .
you 're kidding . yes , i 'm kidding .	are you kidding me ?
with a nervous gesture he touched the tattooed serpents around his arms .	the nervous movement of his hand touched the tattooed snakes on his hand .
i 've been ... i 've been followed here on my mother 's bike ! right ?	i came to my mom 's bike and i 'm being watched by my car !
she , too , is exquisitely sensitive to rising air currents .	he 's also perfectly sensitive to air flow .
get off my back .	do n't go behind my back !
it may have been moved or deleted .	they were probably moved or removed .
indicted for homicide on a case she worked six months ago ...	accused of murder in a case he was working on half a year ago ...
you are all so kind .	everyone is so nice .
drechsel bottle d acting as a trap for any excess acid which may distill over .	4.3.5 dreiver bottle of d used to detect excess acid , which can be distilled .
why am i being treated like this ?	why do you treat me like that ?
bringing in soldiers and weaponry will put innocent people in danger .	general , if you bring troops and weapons , you will only endanger innocent people .
the court ’ s audit highlighted a risk of ‘ low-profile ’ commitment of public bodies participating in the programme .	the court 's audit further pointed out the risk that public sub- jects taking part in the programme may be small .
it was here that i had my first encounter	this is where i first met him
each order of the guards is to be obeyed immediately .	every guard 's orders will be done immediately .
`` we can probably get by with two fully-crewed inspection boats , given present traffic levels . ''	`` at the current level of operation , we are likely to take two fully-manned inspection boats . ''
the first blow has been struck .	he was hit by the first strike !
i 'm not gon na do that .	i wo n't be .
i 'm not good on the phone .	i do n't like to phone .
yes , it is .	yeah , you are .
carbon withdrawal is n't going to be pain-free .	the withdrawal of carbon will not be painless .
system is still operational .	the systems are still in operation .
she is ... gorgeous .	she 's ... beautiful !
perhaps i 've come at an awkward moment .	maybe i came at a bad time .
should n't what 's his name be off to save the world pretty soon ?	should n't your shampoo be taken somewhere soon by the rescue of the world ?
i have clients coming over .	my client 's coming .
i seemed to be afraid for anyone i loved .	i was worried about everyone i love .
its essential physical characteristic is its small size , ranging from 1 cm to 8 cm .	the essential physical characteristics of these potatoes are their small size , as their diameter ranges between 1 and 8 centimeters .
where the interference concerns particular habitats and populations of fauna and flora , above all the creation of replacement habitats comes into question as a substitute measure .	if the intervention relates to special natural habitats and animal or plant populations , the replacement must be primarily established in the establishment of spare natural habitats .
keep him happy now - i have got 500 million dollars capitalisation worth	make her happy - i have the capital for 500 minions of dollars
you always just make me feel so stupid !	i always feel silly .
they 're firing .	he 's shooting .
the competent administration remained silent for four months and the request was rejected by implication .	since the competent administrative authority has failed to rule over a period of four months , the application has been consistently rejected .
to know that they'il be there after i 'm dead , fighting over my corpse before it 's cryogenically frozen .	with the knowledge that my death will be fought for my body before it is frozen .
in the distance was the lush kona coast , with its grand hotels moored like great ocean liners along the seaside .	he had seen the coast of the koná coast with luxurious hotels that resembled large oceanfront parkers .
8 plus 1 is 9 , so that 's 9 to the second power .	eight plus one is nine , so just nine squared .
er , it 's not miss havers any more , it 's mrs grey .	and i 'm not ms. havers anymore , but mrs. grey .
timber in vast quantities .	huge stock of wood .
i may be mistaken ...	i could be wrong .
to this end , it notes that the aid is neither for environmental nor for training purposes .	to that end , it concludes that the aid does not pursue the objectives of the environment or of education .
polygraph us if you think we 're lying .	you can give us a lie detector .
there are plenty of things you can do in your own community .	there 's a lot of hang-ups that can be done here in their own communities .
crewman : cabin door 's coming open .	i 'm opening the cabin door .
bath 's over .	the end of the bath !
prasamaccus cried out in his anguish and stumbled away .	the prasamacos screamed in frustration and staggered away .
'my son is ' 'a special child . '	`` my son is an exceptional child . ''
there was somebody else .	someone else has seen us .
she 's not saying anything !	she did n't say anything .
totally racist . oh .	yeah , that 's right . racism .
that guy keeps pushing the lopso opso . lhasa apso .	he 's trying to push lopso abbot .
the skeleton in the black robe ?	a skeleton in a black coat with a hood .
it was a downed libyan jet with a nuclear warhead .	a libyan plane crashed here carrying nuclear warheads .
genetic testing 's an advanced science , it 's as certain as it gets !	genetic testing is modern science , which is as accurate as possible .
the foal could be worth a great deal .	the colt can be very valuable .
careful on your way home at night ...	and keep an eye on yourself when you come back at night .
they had ten ... twenty of them in the back of this panel truck .	there were ten of them on that truck , or maybe twenty .
the existence of an emergency should not be exclusively dependent on or determined by an actual request for assistance .	determining a state of emergency should not only depend on whether the aid has actually been requested .
only to use instanyl nasal spray if they have been experiencing breakthrough cancer pain	nasal spray with instanyl can only be used if these breakthrough episodes occur
there are no nice fellas .	they 're not nice guys .
are n't you home a little early ?	you 're not home any time soon ?
no he does n't .	no , it 's not .
work center task list	functions of the work centre
the geo-magnetic field is very powerful here .	there 's a very strong geomagnetic field .
your questions are dumb .	the question is stupid .
pardon me . `` ... will become the shrine of al those millions upon millions who find a rallying point for their expression of god 's will . ''	i believe that hillsboro ... excuse me ... will become a pilgrimage site of millions and millions seeking to express its obedience to the will of the lord .
i wan na help .	no , i want to help !
i 'd think what a mad '' impetuous fool he is .	i would have thought what a reckless fool you are .
he loves a squeak .	he likes the whistle .
excuse me , were you playing ?	i 'm sorry , did you play ?
fuck you ! remove the cuffs , fag !	and put these cuffs on me , faggot !
we wo n't waste time on the formalities .	we 're not going to waste time forming .
a king who will reign over all kings and set all men free .	the king of kings that liberate all the people .
once you stabilize , yes .	when you 're stabilized .
lock down every door and keypad now .	lock all doors and access immediately .
did somebody talk ?	someone was talking ?
this dress ... was always one of my favorites .	these snacks ... they 've always been my favorite .
you drive east-northeast around the clock until you 're 1,200 miles out of gloucester and 400 miles out of newfoundland .	it sails clockwise on the east-northeast to make the boats two thousand miles from gloucester and six hundred miles from newfoundland .
he let the aircraft go down , maintaining his own altitude and power setting to pass well ahead of it .	he allowed the plane to drop lower , keeping his own height and power to get a lot in front of him .
there 's nothing to do .	we ca n't do anything .
it is n't true .	no , that 's not true .
put your gun down . on your knees .	put down your weapons and kneel !
ai n't you got no shame ?	are n't you ashamed of yourself ?
and she'il be needing a doctor , as well .	and he 's gon na need a doctor .
`` if you 're not thinking about pussy , you 're just not concentrating . ''	`` if you do n't think of pussy , there 's little focus . ''
get her feeling guilty .	make him feel a little guilty .
it was n't sent .	they did n't send him .
you lie for a living .	you live to live .
it 's a metal storage area .	they 're in a metal warehouse .
`` ai n't there any business to attend to in your office ? ''	`` do you have anything to do at the office ? ''
is email secure ? no .	are the e-mails safe ?
i never heard they sold their place .	i did n't hear them sell .
it is so clear that i wonder you have not seen it also . ”	it 's so obvious that i 'm surprised you did n't find out. ``
she has developed rich concert activities and co-operation with broadcasting and tv-stations as well as recording companies .	rich is her concert and collaboration with radio , television , and record companies .
begging your pardon , sir .	excuse me , please .
that 's what it means be so far ahead of others thanks to the great ... of our fathers .	that is why we are now in such a good way , thanks to the deeds of great fathers .
that wo n't be necessary , we have a car .	no need . we 're in the car .
police continue to dig through rubble .	police are still searching the rubble .
i mean , g.g . 's not even back from france .	g.g . has n't returned from paris yet .
lapd right behind it .	the la police are behind him .
if a proposal to grant discharge fails to secure a majority , this shall constitute refusal of discharge .	if the discharge procedure does not obtain a majority , the discharge is rejected .
spoken like a true geisha .	the real geisha spoke .
'round the rough and rugged rocks ... the ragged rascal rudely ran .	'around rough and rough rocks ... '' ran a deconstructed bold lot . '
we are grateful .	you have our gratitude .
gabrielle ashe left a pale chris harper and descended a fire stairwell into a deserted alley behind nasa .	gabrielle ashe was left terrified by chris harper , down the fire escape , and out of the building into an abandoned alleyway .
just take a seat .	sit down . sit down .
'the man ai n't no seaman , mr english .	`` there 's no sailor , mr. english .
must get lonely sometimes , does n't it ?	sometimes you have to feel alone , do n't you ?
fell from his bed while being turned by orderlies .	he fell on the bed when he was on the bed .
sucks your brains right through your eyes and -- it 's okay .	your brain is sucked out of your eyes .
it 's unacceptable .	this is not acceptable .
nasa made a discovery of such scientific importance that it validates every dollar americans have ever spent in space ?	nasa has discovered something so amazing that it 's worth all the money the americans have spent on research into the universe ?
that rat is going to pay !	the rat will pay for it .
well , that was months ago .	it 's been months .
the engine roared into life again .	the motor came back to life .
you got it solved ?	do you have a solution ?
you little piece of shit .	fucking son of a bitch .
ah . a nice , hot cup of tea might be better , perhaps , hmm ?	maybe hot tea would make you feel better .
tony turned around to see debra engler ’ s door opening a crack .	tony looked over and saw debry engler 's door open slightly .
i 'm surprised to see such a patriotic canadian gloating , dr. filmore .	this patriotic canadian schadenfreude surprises me , dr .
they 'll learn and adapt .	he learns and adapts .
jonnie , the shooting 's triggered the alarm .	johnny , the fire set off the alarm !
the linoleic/alpha-linolenic acid ratio shall not be less than 5 nor greater than 15 .	linoleic acid ratio to alpha-linolen acid must be at least 5 and the most 15 .
make it quick , krofta .	so quickly , krofto .
wait . wait . this is n't takeout !	wait , it 's not supposed to go away !
those fucking files .	the fucking file !
it wo n't be alright .	nothing 's going to be okay .
the airship already left fort bosco and should be arriving in a few hours .	the airship had already taken off into bosca , and it should arrive within hours .
so ... all this is useless .	so it was pointless .
do not exist !	it does n't exist .
you have only postponed their deaths .	you just put their death away .
i promise the captain wo n't bite your head off . ''	the captain will not cut your head for it. ``
star was delighted with my first try and wore it that evening .	star was thrilled my first attempt and on the night she put him on .
dinner is on me .	i 'm paying for the dinner .
with their memories restored , each could claim to be a kwisatz haderach .	with renewed memories , they could both declare themselves the kwisatz haderachy .
that means the both of us have about two decades on the job .	that means we 're both at work for almost 20 years .
blue skies smiling on me	blue sky smiles at me
pay for everything the goats eat or destroy .	pay whatever it 's eaten or destroyed .
we 'll go in the house and have some coffee .	let 's go home and have a cup of coffee .
took me , like , three hours to finish the shading on your upper lip .	it took me about 3 hours to complete the shadow over the top row .
there can be no going back to tackling immigration in isolation .	a return to an isolated approach to the issue of immigration is not possible .
i did n't have any evidence at all .	i had no proof .
now , if the couple will sign the wedding license .	if a couple would sign a wedding contract ...
hey , get the gun ... .	put the gun down !
recommended by marie-sophie who had 4 kids in 4 years .	she has four children in four years .
they were planning for some party tomorrow night .	they planned to have a party tonight .
are they viral ?	is it a virus ?
no-one 's ever been here before .	no one was here before us .
this is n't `` hands down the pants '' marshall .	these are not the hands in the marshall 's pants .
rapid action , perhaps at regional level , could help to prevent crises becoming embedded and spreading to a wider geographical area .	a rapid intervention that would occur at a regional level would allow the development of the crisis and its spread to greater geographical units to be prevented .
can not create cache for search path	ca n't create a kesh search path
i 'd narrowed it down to getting a lip side dye my hair pink , or dressing like a pussycat doll .	i 'll have my lips pierced , i 'll dye my hair red , or i 'll dress like pussycat doll .
'kuai diar , if that 's right . '	`` khuj tiar , if i say so . ''
i ai n't got to do this post office shit .	i 'm not gon na do this shit in the mail .
their genetic identity becomes a valued commodity .	it will become his genetic identity in search of goods .
dors grimaced very slightly and gestured seldon upward .	dors grinned and motioned for seldon to go upstairs .
go to emergency lighting now .	get emergency lights on .
his blood pressure is already 580 !	he 's got a blood pressure of 580 .
you ca n't just buy my forgiveness with a present .	you 're not gon na buy my forgiveness from the ladies .
your hair is even softer .	and the finer hair .
how you just do everything for everybody else and you never expect anything back .	the way you help everyone and you do n't expect it to reciprocate .
and the way you search your prisoners , it sounds rather unlikely .	with you searching the prisoners , that does n't sound likely .
you already found people ?	did you find anyone yet ?
use every tranq you 've got !	use all the sedatives you have .
is there more milk ?	do we still have milk ?
'that is sad , ' said conn .	'it 's a shame , 'said conn .
well , if you get grounded in virtual reality , you get grounded in real life , too ... forever !	and getting grounded in virtual reality is real and eternal .
if i 'm caught , do i share the sentence with bro ? .	when i 'm arrested , should i accept part of my brother 's sentence ?
those fair values shall reflect conditions that existed at the date for which they were determined .	these fair values must take into account the conditions of the day to which they were intended. ``
when were you planning on informing the rest of us ?	when did you want to inform us about him ?
what about your friends ?	do you have any friends ?
they do n't listen to this kind of music there .	it 's just not listening to music , she 's artificial .
hey , that 's vivian dawn .	but this is vivian dawn !
that is your first priority .	it 's your number one priority !
then we are ail ...	we 've all been ...
she 'll take the punishment to kill him .	he will accept the punishment for killing the man who hurt her sister .
i will not make this offer again .	i wo n't repeat the offer .
`` i just figured it was dark because the glass is tinted .	`` i thought you only had a darker tinted glass .
you must re-examine and acknowledge your true self .	so you have to reconsider and acknowledge yourself .
fire will do for them .	the fire would be good .
“ they ’ re using projectile weapons , and so are the warriors : spray guns with tiny bullets . ”	`` they use guns firing projectiles , and so do the warriors : guns firing benefits of small bullets . ''
i ' who am so sorry !	no , i 'm sorry for you .
through a hundred miles of underground passages , the faith-trip went to spread the message .	they traveled hundreds of miles of long underground corridors , spreading their faith .
50 fucking thousand people were killed on the highway last	last year , 50,000 people died on the roads .
“ he eats a lot , ” mr. spruill said , and we tried to laugh .	'he 's eating too much , 'said mr spruill , and we laughed a bit .
you 're waiting for the longevity monk you wan na eat his flesh	you 're waiting here for tripitaku to eat your meat and make it your immortality .
uh , my nephews , they were playing with it . ... will have no impact on any profit participation earned ...	my nephews have played with it , and it wo n't affect any share of the profits i 've earned .
i 've only taken my gun out ... 3 times wanting to use it .	and only three times i pulled a gun ... i would have used it .
noone 's been *** for hiding inside a nuclear reactor .	no one gets around the nuclear reactor .
it 's genetic ?	is that hereditary ?
but it might be possible for me to help draco .	but i might as well have known about the possibility of draco 's help .
i pulled the drapes over the broken pane and took carmen ’ s gun out of my pocket .	through the broken table , i removed the curtains and removed carmenin 's revolver from my pocket .
just , sometimes it just makes me feel bad .	and i just have a bad feeling sometimes .
but new leaders are emerging ... for whom black september was n't violent enough .	but there are new leaders who have lost little cruelty to the black september .
down in the long valley , miles could see a bead moving on the thin gleam of monorail .	in a drawn-out valley below them , miles saw a ball moving across a thin silver strip of one-track runway .
as king peter , he would no doubt become the mouthpiece for the hansa 's outrage .	as king peter will no doubt be in charge of expressing his indignation and anger .
it 's 1 000 a person .	one man costs a thousand .
off-budget funds and labor remuneration fund taxes	taxes on out-of-budget funds and salary cap funds
get out of your amsterdam apartment move quickly , louis .	go away from that apartment in amsterdam , quick , louis .
my baby is not getting your back in a bar fight !	my baby wo n't cover your ass in fights .
he laughed pleadingly to her , laying his hands on hers .	he smiled sheepishly at her and put a hand on her hand .
`` the noise is like a volcanic eruption in kamchatka . ''	`` it 's as strong as volcanic eruptions on kamchatka . ''
this place is horrifying .	it 's terrible here .
'coming up , ' candace said .	'she 's carrying on , 'candace said .
whom are they taking me for ?	who do they think i am ?
this is my friend i told you about .	he 's my friend , forrest gump .
`` their computer 's down .	`` they have fallen computers .
i do n't always eat like this .	i never eat that sort of thing .
said mr. giles , surveying the pale faces which surrounded him , and looking very blank himself ;	he continued mr giles and surveyed the pale faces surrounding him , alone with white as chalk ,
more is not necessary .	there 's no need for more .
you guys all right ?	are you girls okay ?
why do n't you sit here ?	sit right there .
they may include representatives of civil society , where appropriate. ’ ;	civil society representatives may also be members of their members. ``
her chest was ripped open .	his chest is torn .
has the incident upset you or your team in any way ?	did any of you get upset about this accident ?
excuse me , would you mind giving me and ally a little bit of privacy , please ?	i 'm sorry . can you and ally give me some privacy ?
the young men were away fighting .	the young have gone to war .
the mature fruit is red in colour .	ripe fruits have a red colour .
uh , maybe use smaller hooks for this kind of perch .	you should use smaller hooks on these bass .
that snail is fast , fast , fast fast , fast , fast , fast	he 's fast , quick , quick , quick , quick .
but who , in the absence of war , would fire at a human being ?	but if there are n't wars , who would shoot at humans ?
besides the money , you mean ?	in addition to money ?
he kills the victims while they sleep .	victims are killed in their sleep .
what if all their evaluations were hopelessly wrong ?	what if they are hopelessly mistaken in any assessments ?
this time from 46 meters distance , la serbelloni mazzanti viendalmare starts ...	the comtesa serbelloni mazzanti viendalmare throws up from 46 metres .
hey , i been working here 18 months , 8 through 10 .	eighteen months from eight to ten .
each his own .	every one of them .
those are my suits .	that 's my clothes .
francken has no proof .	she had no evidence .
so he said why do n't we use the cash seized from the cocaine arrests ... ... to fund and support the contra war ?	did he say why not use the money for the seized drugs on financial support for the contras ?
how 's a guy who spent his whole life in harlan county never learned to shoot better than that ?	how is it possible that a man who lives the entire life of harland did not learn to shoot better ?
let 's go . there 's going to be terrible trouble .	come on , it 's gon na go bad .
you 'll understand if i got trust issues .	you can tell if i have confidence problems .
israeli presidential election , 2007	israeli president 's choice
and bravely , bravely we are off .	and boldly , boldly go !
i 'm not interested in politics .	i do n't care about politics .
what asshole ? i ...	what son of a bitch ?
well , is he talking ?	he 's gon na talk ?
driving licence category a1 is only valid on the national territory .	the driver 's license for group a1 applies only to the territory of the state .
you wan na put the curse on 10 big ones ?	would you like to curse ten grand like that ?
you really think that beating up a handicapped kid is being nice ?	do you think you 'll be nice when you hit the disabled guy ?
otherwise it 's not just ted who 's gon na pay for it .	otherwise , ted wo n't be the only one paying for it .
these are fuckin ' nasty .	they 're fucking disgusting .
your money has arrived .	the money 's here .
we were going into hiding .	we had to go hide .
that group manufactures high-value furniture and sells it worldwide .	this group is manufactured and sold by stylish furniture around the world .
did you shove one man 's head up another man 's ass ?	did he put his head in someone else 's butt ?
beware the one who whispers in the night .	watch out who 's whispering at night .
that 's mr. guzmanfrom the florentine .	this is mr. guzman of florentine .
my office is air conditioned .	i have an air conditioner .
the suggested mechanism and the targeted credit rating of a/a- were seen as appropriate .	the proposed mechanism and target ratings a / a- were found to be appropriate .
this made lacey ’ s tales of ghosts seem almost plausible by comparison .	in comparison with this , lacey 's ghost stories seemed almost digestible .
one of these things has got to have money in it !	there 's got to be money in something .
... tax cuts on daycare expenses ... ..they 'll be good for canadian families .	... a reduction in the taxation of current spending ... ... which will be profitable for the canadian family .
you wan na be played ?	you want to play ?
he had seen what dysentery did to others-the pain , the vomiting , the blood-suffused diarrhea .	he could see what she 'd done with others - pain , vomiting , and bloody diarrhea .
this is n't right .	it 's not fair .
lv pirms lietošanas saņemt speciālu instruktāžu .	lv izmantot instrumentus , kas dislikes dzirksteles .
keep this door shut until i can get a screwjack to prop it up before the lot comes down .	keep the door closed until i get someone who 's gon na fry it before the whole thing falls off .
our want of connection ?	our quest for connections ?
clinically typical , nonhyperkeratotic , nonhypertrophic actinic keratoses ( aks ) on the face or	clinically typical , non-hyperkerootic , non-hypertrophic aqua keratóz in the area
did you ever see anything like it ?	have you ever seen such a thing ?
246 passenger fatalities in the bombing of the jumbo jet .	246 dead passengers died following a bomb blast off the plane .
this big-ass vacation house over on .	a huge holiday house .
like , i bet he wishes he was wearing bilbo 's coat of dwarven mithril , right ? conway :	it 's like i 'm betting they wanted to wear the bilba 's cape out of dwarven mithrilla , right ?
it means that right now these machines are sustaining her life .	that means she 's keeping this device alive right now .
everything you need for using openteacher for self-study .	all you need to use is openteacher at self-learning .
the good seem to suffer , and the wicked to prosper .	it seems like good suffering and bad things are good .
our adversary has become quite bold .	our opponent is becoming quite courageous .
you 're obviously up to something .	there 's obviously something going on .
for more policies that affect windows error reporting , go to computer configuration\administrative templates\system\error reporting . ''	for other policies that affect the windows system catalogue , you can find the computer configuration\ administrative templates\ system\ error reporting. ``
they find they do all sorts of really weird things --	they find that they 're behaving really strangely in many ways --
h-h-hold up . wait , wait .	come on , hang on .
guests are allowed anywhere .	guests have access everywhere .
have you asked mother ? yes .	did you ask your mom ?
along with the three at that colossal goatfuck a few days before that .	same as three in that colossal mess a couple of days ago .
tomáš mahovský ( bassguitar ) left the band in september .	at the end of september the band leaves the bassist thomas mahovsky .
this is gon na hurt like hell once the numbness wears off .	when it stops being numb , it 's going to hurt like hell .
and i do n't want any trial . i wo n't stop .	i 'm not gon na stop .
overhead , all aerial traf­fic was closed down , even commercial flights in and out of every commercial airport to which they came close .	all of the air traffic above them had been cancelled , even trade flights headed for each airport even from him , to which they had only been approached .
we got ta catch this guy .	we have to get him .
why will no one believe me ?	why does n't anyone trust me ?
i do n't fucking know , dude .	i have no idea , man .
if i lose ricky , according to paco ...	if i lost ricky after pacov .
there 's been an incident .	we had an accident .
look how disgusting that is .	it 's really disgusting .
then we can go to 'proceed ' ?	so it 's going to be 'go on ' ?
we have eaten . you have eaten . they have eaten .	we ate , ate , ate .
scarred skull-pates , frail-looking mandibles .	scratched cranial bones , brittle-looking sleigh .
i just saw butterscotch .	i 've seen hnev .
according to dedinszky what makes ‘ csabai kolbász ’ or ‘ csabai vastagkolbász ’ special is the production method , the ingredients and spices .	dedinszky states that there is a specific method of production , ingredients and spices , on `` csabai kolsemez '' or `` csabai vastagkolpoez . ''
i 'll hurry ahead and meet saizo kirigakure at seba .	i 'll go fast ahead for saizo kirigakurem to seby .
assistance may be postponed by the requested authority on the ground that it will interfere with an ongoing investigation , prosecution or proceeding .	the granting authority may postpone the grant of aid , if it is continued to investigate , prosecutions , prosecutions or judicial proceedings .
carter ... are we there yet ?	carter ... will it be now ?
yes , my roommate in college always used to do that gag .	yeah , my roommate at the school made that joke .
we all just wan na win so bad . we 're gon na do whatever it takes .	we just want to win an awful lot and we 'll do anything for it .
mr. gardner is advocating this witness to push the ridiculous theory that justice ludwig was murdered .	mr gardner is defying the witness to shed his theory on the murder of judge ludwig .
here 's a baby .	we 're here , honey .
i don ’ t find it easy to talk about . ”	it 's not easy for me to talk about it. ``
`` if biotech interests ever did assassinate violet mosala , she 'd be an instant martyr for technoliberation .	`` if the biotech rings had ever murdered violet mosala , he would be immediately martyred by the technophiération .
all this drama over two little flies ?	the whole theater for two small flies ?
inside , i was doing a little happy dance .	in my mind , i danced my happy dance !
hey ! you 're so cute .	you look really nice .
we 're taking vacations .	we go on vacation .
if true , vocabularies are automatically saved on close and exit	if checked , vocabulary will automatically be saved when closed and closed
as to our island being inhabited by natives , i do n't believe it ! ''	and the natives are not on our island ! ``
we 'll wait for you until midnight	we 're waiting by midnight .
i succeeded in that much , but not in staying asleep very long .	i did quite a bit , although i did n't sleep much longer .
nobody ever knew .	no one knows about it .
i am merely observing that the klingons would never have attacked had they not believed the federation vulnerable .	i only know klingons would n't attack if they did n't think the federation was vulnerable .
do n't worry , son .	no worries , kid .
your demon friend has disappeared , remember - vanished . '	do n't forget your demonic friend has disappeared - he 's gone. ``
well , you 're probably gon na need an intervention .	you 'll probably have to intervene .
once i 've given him sufficient motivation .	once he 's motivated enough .
or you could check your email .	or we can check our e-mails .
she was soaring in the sky , gliding on unseen currents as she might have glided on water .	it floated in the air , sliding down the invisible air currents , as if it might have washed over the water .
any more soy sauce ?	is the sauce still ?
cameras all over the place .	there 's cameras everywhere .
those that were n't butchered by the harkonnen bribed whoever they could to leave arrakis .	those who had not beaten harkonnen underpaid who they might have taken from arrakis .
they 're putting my mom on trial .	they put my mother in court .
give me ten minutes before sotkette evidence .	i need 10 minutes before it contaminates your people .
especially on the gay cruises . they 're much more fun than the straight ones .	especially on a boat like that with gays is more fun than being straight .
that deck is where i go after dinner to get some quiet .	after dinner , i go there for a little silence .
for the love of god ...	for god 's sake !
bella , do you not understand my feelings for you at all ?	bella , do n't you even know how i feel about you ?
epidemic has finished to him .	the epidemic is over .
he 'd make a formidable witness .	he would be an impressive witness .
he made her feel good .	she felt good with him .
no , you 're not .	you wo n't !
it is an honour to ride beside you .	it 's an honor to come by your side .
the banon cheese became fairly quickly renowned , as is shown from numerous texts dating in particular from xix century .	the cheese from banon was soon becoming very much known , as evidenced by the many written strands from the 19th century .
your symptoms may return upon discontinuation .	they can return symptoms of disease after an interruption .
small / mid-sized business	small and medium firm
admiral , intel has been picking up chatter around the globe .	admiral , intel collects calls from all over the world .
it gives us cleaner edges .	he makes cleaner margins .
are you buying some petrol ?	do you buy gas ?
oh , this is fantastic !	that 's great !
an auto hit her .	she was hit by a car .
it was signing another death warrant !	he would sign another death sentence !
sure did , if they 've got four and selling it that cheap .	of course they do when they got 4 and sell them so cheaply .
wizard network configuration dialog	network settings in wizards
the destroyed ships and personnel were removed from all files and logs .	the wrecked boats and their crews were cleared of all the archives and ship 's journals .
we are in the united states now !	we 're in america .
did papa lose ?	so your dad lost ?
if i stay any longer it 's unlikely i 'd ever reach streaker in tine .	if i stay here for a while , i 'll probably never get to streaker in time .
assassination is n't batroc 's line .	the assassinations are not batroc 's parquet .
i am enclosed in a cellar .	i 'm locked in the basement .
this is n't me tripping some guilt shit because of my kid .	it 's not a stupid thing to blame for my kid .
oh , frenzy stance is n't working .	the furious attitude is not working .
i 'm sure you'il make a terrific father .	i think you 're an excellent father .
sometimes it makes you so tired of taking care of people at work , you ca n't bear the thought of taking care of someone at home .	sometimes you get so exhausted by the way you have to look after other people when you ca n't even think about helping someone at your house .
i was just kidding ,	it was a joke .
i hope y'all are giving me a ride back .	i hope you 'll take me away !
the indian woman , after a long look at doyle , which she averted the moment his eyes met hers , resumed her reading .	she gave doyle a long stare , then turned away when their eyes met , then went back to reading .
he was shivering , and tarantio fetched a blanket which he wrapped around brune 's shoulders .	trembling and tarantio brought the blanket and draped it over his shoulders .
'cause prayers were not gon na give me what i needed .	because the prayers do n't bring what i need .
'have you been reading books ? '	`` you read this in a book ? ''
they were gigantic , at least six-foot-four or -five and massive-and their shaved heads gleamed in the weak light .	they were giants - massive two-foot figures - and their shaven heads flashed in a faint light .
my goodness , there is n't any breeze out here , either .	oh my god , no breeze or outside .
nobody that wears nice shoes ... has eight kids anymore .	someone who wears elegant shoes ca n't have eight children .
figured you were aware .	i thought you knew .
'thank you , your exthellenthy .	'dhkrs , an exhcella .
i 'm not sure why that 's relevant .	i do n't know why it 's important .
samson the sadducee strangler , sir .	silus syrski 's father-son .
i do n't play !	i 'm not playing !
i 'm hearing about coffee and donuts , i 'm not hearing ...	i 'm listening to the coffee and the doughnuts .
what can they have that the great ladislav kutze can not handle ?	a man might have something that a great ladislaus kutze could n't handle ?
your telephone number as well . all right .	even his phone number .
his eyes blinked open and saw only starless , ominous blackness .	he blinked and saw a terrible , starry darkness ahead .
wan na learn the rest ?	do you want to know the others ?
this is the new congressmember roster .	that 's a new congressional roster .
lots of movement over the past five years .	a bunch of moves in the last 5 years .
shinichi later you 're late loh .	shinichi , you will be late !
stay the fuck out of my room !	do n't fucking get in my fucking room !
that 's an interesting one .	this is really interesting .
we 're growing up .	we 've grown up ...
`` every kid can be working on exactly what they need to be working on when they 're ready for it .	`` any child can work out exactly what he needs to work with when he 's ready .
perhaps you will dream of hal ... ... just as i often do .	you might dream about hal , as it often happens to me .
this bloody crime spree started just a week ago today .	today is the week of a series of bloody crimes .
spin her by the boobs again !	turn her back on her tits !
the pain only appeared to come and go .	it just seemed the pain was coming and going .
you got your old lady ? good .	do you have a lady with you ?
maybe if you hang out outside , you can bump into her again on her way back , hmm ?	maybe if you wait outside , you 'll run into one another when it comes back .
well , about him having the fight with your father and refusing to appoint the judge . fight with pa ?	after all , he had a fight with your dad ... ... and he refused to name the judge .
this is n't beautiful !	it 's not beautiful .
do n't need to .	no need for that .
but , by their barking , these foxes , with reddish-gray hair , black tails terminating in a white tuft , had betrayed their origin .	but the foxes have revealed their kind of bark , grey-haired deer and a black tail with a white stain at the end .
do you have a pen ? ''	got a pencil ? ``
possible sites of the night room , arranged in varying degrees of probability .	places where the night room could be ranked by probability .
it could be weeks .	maybe a couple of weeks .
i could always use another skilled engineer .	an expert engineer is always useful to us .
we got ta think ...	we have to think .
'it 's a good thing we have four-wheel drive , ' candace remarked .	'we 've got four-wheel drive , 'candace said .
`` do not forget the oath you swore when your father died ! ''	'have you forgotten what you promised your father before he died ? '
whoever it was that beat up your brother sure gave him a chestnut for an eye .	whoever beat your brother must have gotten his nose too .
a rising tide lifts all ships , mate .	the tide will lift all boats , my friend .
kemp 's hand went to his moustache .	kemp ran his fingers over his mustache .
then the really hard part would start .	then it will begin a really difficult job .
every man here is afraid to go full contact with me .	all the guys here are scared to hit me .
thank you for this opportunity .	thanks for the option .
11 presented with no abnormalities whatsoever .	11 did n't show any abnormals .
but let me ask the questions : were you successful ? ''	but now i will ask : have you succeeded ? ``
you 're finished in here .	it 's over .
this is desertion and the penalty is death !	that 's desertion ... and punishable by death !
let me take you somewhere special for dinner .	i 'll take you to a dinner party .
feels horrible , does n't it ?	bad feeling , huh ?
outside of my road !	get out of my way .
problem ? um ... what ... what problem ?	what kind of trouble ?
the potential for relevant input from sciences through the collaborative opportunities on offer in the eu ’ s 7th research framework programme should be also considered .	it would also be appropriate to consider the possibility of appropriate use of knowledge of science through the opportunities for cooperation offered under the seventh eu research framework programme .
probably the power 's run down .	they 're probably running out of power .
good lord . this guy shit himself bigtime .	man , he really shit himself .
if only our luck holds out .	only if they 're lucky with us .
we might actually look for long term solutions	we could look for a long-term solution
george sr. , in a surprise move ... volunteered to take the polygraph .	george senior took a surprise step ... and volunteered for a lie detector .
well , thanks a fucking bunch .	well , thank you very much .
but , ellie , his ankle is so swollen .	ellie , she has a really swollen ankle !
but he says other pictures ... like this one , taken in	but he claimed that other images such as these were taken in
your back door was not locked .	you did n't lock the door .
dad , did youjust see something down there ?	dad , have you seen anything ?
`` it was impossible to say .	`` it ca n't be determined .
for god 's sake . these are people .	oh my god , they 're people .
they never had any intention of letting the vails live .	they never wanted to keep vailova alive .
nauruans receive their housing , power , water , telephones and medical services free or for a nominal charge .	residents of nauru get free or just behind the symbolic price of flats , electricity , water , phone and health services .
there is a farm , the number of chicken is 4 times of the duck	it 's one farm . there 's four times more of a chicken on that farm than ducks .
they 're korean .	it 's the koreans .
nobody had actually seen an atom .	no one really saw the atom .
they did n't put poison in your coffee .	the coffee has n't poisoned you .
and this was the worst drought for half a century .	and this has been the biggest drought in the last 50 years .
who would war on the ziday'a ? ''	who wants war with zida'ya ? ``
your mother , she took you to the market ?	did your mom take you shopping ?
did you offend her in some way to insult her religious beliefs or somethin ' ?	have you ever offended her faith or anything ?
the mice have been at mily dickinson 's book .	tove ditlevsen 's book is loaded with mice .
i really have no idea , 'cause it 's not like anybody tells me anything anyway .	i really do n't know because nobody 's ever gon na tell me anything .
how is it that some of the earliest written accounts of warfare describe sophisticated weaponry that humans would n't develop for thousands of years ?	how can one of the first human written military records describe such sophisticated weapons as humanly possible until thousands of years later ?
that does n't work !	it 's not working !
in the forest we play with the rabbits all day --	in the woods , everyone is playing with rabbits for days .
we are two different peoplewith different attitudes .	i 'm two different people with different positions ...
would n't you consider that to be insane ?	is n't this madness ?
what kind of goods ?	what about the merchandise ?
there you go . perfect .	and it 's perfect .
charlie , mum and i thought ... ... maybe you wan na openyour birthday present tonight .	charlie , we thought with your mother that you might want to unpack your birthday present today .
your honour , rrosecution counsel mr zaheer khan was very quick to ...	high court , prosecutor mr. zaheer khan very quickly ... zakire ahmede .
you , uh ... staking out a cheating husband ?	do you follow an unfaithful husband ?
all my other friends ' parents are getting divorces , too .	what the hell is going on ? and my friend 's parents got divorced too !
i come from an alternate universe in which i followed our plan for world domination .	i come from another universe where the plan was invented to control the world .
shut the fuck up !	will you shut up ?
let him profit from me again and again ?	will he benefit again ?
company c 1st u.s. dragoon !	c company of the first american dragoons .
( doctor ) invading bacterial phages , penetrating and destroying cells .	aggressive bacteria ... enters cells and destroys them .
there are grave difficulties about the afterlife .	we have serious difficulties with that afterlife .
i 'm hurt , too	it hurts me too .
this stops right now .	this will stop immediately .
there 's always logic .	everything always makes sense .
feeling that something nice is about to happen .	i felt something pleasant was going to happen to me .
you actually made these ?	you really did those ?
i am on fire !	i 'm burning up !
this expenditure was made from separate accounts which had already been credited by the member states .	these expenses were , in fact , paid out of specific accounts where member states had already contributed in the past .
and from that point on , people started disappearing in this swamp .	and since then , people have started to disappear in these swamps .
published and disseminated with a minimum number of 1,000 copies .	issued and expanded in number of at least 1 000 copies .
always looks bad by night , a battlefield .	`` it always looks scary at the war field at night .
how 'd the knave acquire magic such as this ?	how did kluk come to this kind of magic ?
fenring reacted with surprise to that information .	fenring was surprised by the information .
but stealing old blue now that made sheriff john mad	but the theft of blue sheriff john is upset only
now he letsmy car get stolen and barks .	now i 'm not stealing my car and barking .
so this is justice after ariannus !	then that 's what justice is for arianna .
it 's about making money , and it 's about making a lot of money .	he wants to make money , big money .
she gave garion a direct look .	then she looked directly at garion .
you 're making things easier on me .	you make it easy for me .
hi . and your name is ?	hey , what 's your name ?
why , they 've got nothing there - not even enough food .	they do n't even have anything to eat there .
psalter of saint louis	st. louis ' jailhouse
this pupil of virginia was expelled one month , because it had dyed its hair in blue .	this virginia student was suspended for a month , but he kept his hair painted blue .
lv savākt izšļakstīto šķidrumu .	pl nie związaną pozostałość strzepnąć z scored .
`` the recent controversy has forced the already under-fire halicorp ... ... to rethink its moveto the city of new lago .	`` a recent dispute has made such a criticized halicorp reconsider its entry into new lago .
why , they 've got 10 volumes on suicide alone .	i only have ten volumes about suicides .
so someone 's actually gon na buy all these ?	so does anyone really buy this ?
a nuclear response was the only one that guaranteed american safe --	to answer with nuclear power was the only way to guarantee the americans safe .
ask the seronian and rekag children who go to bed each night in fear of their lives .	ask those serenian and rekags kids who are worried about their lives every day .
unable to modify scheduled transaction 'argument '	could not edit scheduled transaction `` argument ''
a boarding call woke him up .	she was woken by the call for boarding .
'the dwarfs would n't think that— ' he began .	'dwarfs did n't think such a thing - 'he began .
impulsively , she caught his hands .	she grabbed hold of his hand .
i was approached about five years ago because of my international investment work .	they turned to me five years ago , considering my foreign investment activity .
a gigantic wolf slunk down on all fours , creeping into the shadows on manannan ’ s left .	the huge , wolf-like creature dropped to all fours and began to creep into the shadow of manannan 's left .
look at that television .	and the television !
oh , you 're clear already from the doctor ?	do you have a doctor 's permission already ?
there definitely seems to be some sort of communication taking place .	it certainly looks like it 's some kind of communication going on .
you are currently not connected to a database .	there is no link to the database .
sometimes lying is okay ,	he can lie sometimes .
a forest of some ten thousand hectares is being affected	j de mi o a complex of forests that have a few tens of thousands of hectares .
it 's the skirts ...	this is a skirt ...
i wo n't say i 'm sorry .	i 'm not gon na apologize .
senor vampa , allow jacopo to live .	señor ven , let him live !
the sounds come from the wild geese ,	the sound makes a wild goose .
so the stepfather killed the mom , too ?	so does a stepdad kill my mom too ?
why would anybody waste their time freezing and climbing up the side of a glacier ?	how anyone can waste freezing and climbing on an iceberg .
the studio lawyers had this drawn up .	the studios ' lawyers sketched it out .
tuvia he was quick surname zus and he has worked 30 years together	tuvia soon joined him , and he worked for thirty years .
too bad it ’ s not that tattoo .	it 's a shame not to tattoo it .
i told you this morning i was going to come by .	i said i 'd show up in the morning .
the year of the highest performance in the airport ‘ s history has so far been the year 2007 with 12.5 million handled passengers .	the most effective year was 2007 , when nearly 12.5 million passengers were able to pass the airport .
clean-up was professional , too .	the cleaners were also professionals .
'and beyond that entire worlds ! '	`` and beyond it all worlds ! ''
one of the only times we were ever alone .	we never had a chance to be alone .
do n't come any closer .	not one step closer .
ooh ! this is nice .	oh , that 's nice .
thou shalt show me the path of life .	you have shown me your way through life .
brother is getting down with these fuckin ' haitian niggas .	my brother 's still depressed about those fucking haitians .
she 's gon na start with caldwell 's memorial to the rawlins dam tragedy .	he will begin with the caldwell memorial on the tragedy of breaking off the rawlings dam .
look , i have gone to every quiet protest i could !	i was on all quiet protests .
what the hell is that about ?	what 's going on ?
he 's in pain . how much pain ?	what kind of pain ?
aliases mr. green and mr. blue ... ... have been added to the s.h.i.e.l.d . operations database .	the pseudonyms mr green and mr blue are in the tracking database . subject : file from mr green .
hi . is this danny mcgrath ?	hello , danny mcgraff ?
he must 've been in desperate need of work .	he must have desperately needed a job .
`` tings '' is not gon na change .	`` things '' are n't going to change .
the shredded papers was a photo .	the pieces of paper were photographs .
within this amount approximately 380 million euro was allocated to vocational training actions .	of this , approximately eur 380 million were earmarked for training activities .
should i come up for a coffee ?	do you want me to go upstairs for coffee ?
i 've done some tv commercials .	well , i did some ads .
there 's no tony .	tony does n't exist .
i reckon she 's going to be big trouble , eh ?	i guess he 's gon na be a problem , huh ?
father must have been a peculiar type .	the father was a strange patron .
they ... fear for his lungs ...	now they 're worried about his lung .
she began to speak more rapidly .	she was talking faster .
width of disk view 'free ' column	width of `` volble '' column width
marriage discourages such a thing .	the marriage suppresses her .
they would live in the safety of european civilization , where men in uniforms were hired to protect them .	they will be living in a europe where armed men in police uniforms take care of their security .
what 's going on ?	what are you gon na do ?
`` from fields where glory does not stay ''	`` places where glory do n't shine
tough to get in bed with those people , though .	it 's hard to go to bed with these people , do n't you ?
gwalch gathered two clay cups and filled them both with mead , pushing one towards her .	gwalch carried a pair of clay cups and poured medine in both .
he thinks of nothing else , takes no pleasure in our success .	he ca n't think of anything else . he 's not happy about our success .
not to mention , my badge is bigger .	and i 'm not talking about wearing a bigger badge .
this is a thousand-paper idea !	it 's a thousand-page idea .
to install a new icons option	ikon new options installation
you took turns clouding his mind and teaching him a few real things ? ''	you took turns in obscuring his brain and taught him something of real magic. ``
hold it ! this is crazy , this is nuts .	wait , that 's madness .
his scrotum looked as if it contained many small testes .	the scrotum seemed to contain plenty of small testicles .
i do n't date .	i 'm not on a date !
scrotal temperature reflects intratesticular temperature	temperature of the scrotum affects the temperature of the testicles
keep on living , fuckers .	live prosper , suckers .
produced by kazuyoshi okuyama	production of animyoshi okuyama
you know dude secrets are very important in life , trey .	you know , trey , man 's secret is a serious matter .
there was a lawyer ... - what lawyer , verbal ?	he had a lawyer .
first team with me , come on .	first team to my place !
iskaral squealed , shifting nervously on his chair .	'obelisk ! 'he squeaked , fidgeting nervously .
this is the real problem .	that 's a real problem !
and the abductor of young girls that she used to turn a profit in the sex trade , so ...	and it was the kidnapping of young girls who traded profits for sexual services , so ...
missing params in offline upload	missing parameters when uploading offline file
gave me a hard-on , too !	i have an erection too !
fine by me , boss !	all right , boss .
so , now , it was our job to arrest you .	so now we have the task of arresting you .
we apprehended the thieves and got your money .	mr. duncan , we have arrested a thief with your money .
those boots are kinda cute .	the shoes are pretty good .
and you get it all .	and he gets everything .
please , just calm down .	take it easy .
we 're not leaving here till you do .	we wo n't leave until you get something .
'where 's senor basilica ? ' said bucket .	`` where 's senor basilico ? '' he asked .
will you relax ?	please calm down .
webbing cloaked the high branches and filled the gaps between-thick , semitransparent strands that shimmered with the damp .	the upper branches covered the cobwebs and filled a space between them - thick half-translucent stripes that glittered with moisture .
stop that son of a bitch !	stop , you idiot !
and your six wives ... ...	what about your six women ?
this is police stuff .	there 's a police investigation .
i assumed i had imagined it .	i thought i was imagining things .
it is my purpose .	that 's my goal .
the letter ( s ) currently refer to the country codes used for car plates .	at present , these letters correspond to the codes of the countries used in vehicle license plates .
what 's the punishment for burning your house down ?	whose punishment is it if you burn your house ?
'did you dream again ? ' he asked her .	'are you dreaming again ? 'asked the nadir .
silvio , mr soprano 's guy , came by this morning , said to pull your jobs .	silvio ... soprano 's man came in the morning , saying we were n't .
hugs are always good .	oh , the hug is always good !
but is n't it cold over there , like freezing ?	but it 's not cold . it 's cold out there .
oh , man , i 'm telling you . this is great . he was fantastic .	it was awesome !
is ours once more	it 's ours again
a significant number return with a disease that needs treatment .	much of it comes back with the disease that requires treatment .
and that 's on general principle .	and this is just out of principle .
what about these broken bones ?	how did the bones break ?
the moment the term left her mouth , she regretted it .	then she regretted that word was out of her mouth .
man , in bed-stuy , you could get in trouble just for pointing your finger .	dude , you can only have trouble at bed-stuy if you point the finger .
they 're too much !	there 's too many of them , sir !
hold on a second	wait one second .
you have devoted 40 years…	you 've spent 40 years ...
oh , yeah , with pleasure .	sure . it 's a pleasure .
no , there 's not .	no , it was n't !
as regards their operational features , fine-tuning operations :	fine-tuning operations have the following characteristics :
i 'm not spending one more second of this life with some inconsiderate prick !	i do n't spend a second of my life with an unscrupulous fool !
he hurried back toward the baggage car .	he returned hurriedly to the luggage van .
there is no mystical beast waiting to save the american .	he does n't expect a fabulous monster to save americana .
he 's your friend , huh ?	is he a friend of yours ?
this will install windows datacenter server in a standard configuration without repartitioning the drive .	installs the standard configuration of windows datacenter server with no partition changes on your hard disk .
could not modify calendar resource .	unable to change calendar source .
gunn : you telling me he is n't ?	you want to tell me he 's not ?
i wan na get out of this bathrobe and into some clothes !	i want to finally get out of the robe and wear a normal dress !
device color / halftone properties	color & halfwidth devices
unless they 're catalogues .	if it 's not catalogues .
beneficiaries shall be entitled to carry over 3 % profit into the year n+2 .	recipients are entitled to transfer a 3 % gain to the year n + 2 .
sometimes god just fucks up your order and you got to chow down on that shitty shame sandwich .	sometimes god makes an order for you , and you have to bite into a fucking sandwich of shame .
there 's somebody else ?	did you find someone else ?
thanks for having us .	thank you for coming .
accessing and updating personal information	access and updates of personal data
she had to learn it for herself .	she must have figured it out on her own .
joaquim , return for inside	joaquime , come back inside !
are you seeing this ?	do you see that too ?
whoever wears it becomes unseen or may take whatever form he chooses !	whoever takes it will become obvious , or it can take the form of anyone !
it 's easy to sort or filter views via the browser , or search for specific documents based on their properties .	the view can be easily sorted or filtered using a browser or can be traced to certain documents on the basis of their properties .
this ice has a funny taste to it .	the ice tastes weird .
get this dusky , young lady whatever it is she needs to quench her magnificent thirst .	this incredibly beautiful woman gets everything she wants , to extinguish her passionate thirst .
we gon na see who she call daddy .	i do n't think so . we 'll see who he calls dad .
it must have some name .	there 's got to be a name .
you 're so gay !	you 're such a faggot .
we ask that you refrain from adressing our women directly .	please do n't call our women straight .
and you never let dad stir the paint anymore , whatever that means .	and your father never lets you mix the color again , no matter what .
when it came down to it , all i really knew was somebody who knew somebody who knew the right number to call .	if you 're gon na take this , i just knew someone who knew someone else who knew the number .
by which time they might have forgotten they sent anything and stopped listening for a reply .	at that point , they could have forgotten that they were sent , and they could stop listening to answers .
the kid has swum ashore .	the boy swam to the shore .
i used to work for the late mr rochester in his stables .	miss , i 've worked at the last mr. rochester in the stables .
specifying partition file system label	specify the label filesystem in the partition
that 's my golly-olly-olly .	this is my housemate .
the tablets are given by mouth , once a day .	the tablets should be administered orally once daily .
its cache of biosamples burned ?	their hideout , where they hid the biosprey , burned to the ground ?
somehow , she did n't think his discomfort was all from his old war wounds .	it occurred to her that his cumbersome moves did not seem to blame the old injuries from the war .
we started drinking - she had mimosas by nine , wine by eleven .	it started as always , drink at nine , wine at eleven ...
now , go over to the town hall and see what they say .	find out at the city hall what they 're doing .
yeah , it was fine , thanks .	all right , thank you .
only the `` mature '' are allowed to marry – people of about 40 .	only people mature can be married and married , for the age of 40 .
nobody saw her .	no one has seen them .
you ca n't have only 2 little pigs . you ca n't have only 2 musketeers .	they ca n't just be two little pigs , not even two musketeers .
that 's got ta hurt ,	that must have hurt .
suddenly everything 's fine .	all of a sudden it 's all right .
your family is in our prayers .	we 're praying for your family .
that there were funds available ? ''	that the money 's available ? ``
or should i just pick somebody ?	or do you want me to pick someone ?
there you go . you got her ?	do you have it ?
eradicating a single zahl colony was n't enough for a total restoration .	the eradication of one zahl colony was not enough for an overall recovery .
that makes it unanimous .	it is unanimously agreed .
we need to remember that property is theft .	we should bear in mind that the property may be stolen .
pulling more photos and cellphone video now .	i 'm looking for more pictures and videos .
she has no idea ?	does he have any idea ?
as she warmed she saw some of jude 's dear ancient classics on a table where they ought not to have been laid .	the doppelganger noted several books of jude 's beloved old classics on the table , where they were not supposed to lie .
he kills her ... in the end .	he 's gon na kill her .
it 's been happening for a few days -- this- this little flickering .	it 's happened to me for the last couple of days ... such little flashes .
make them vessels for the gelth !	make them a vessel for gelthov .
`` thanks an awful lot . ''	`` thank you very much . ''
you wan na start out on top ?	you want to start straight up ?
i feel as though i 'd ... i 'd collected a whole shelf full of bottles .	and it seems to me i 'd collect the full shelf of the vials .
some young guy is hanging around her .	there 's a young man around .
they 're not going to send you back with this .	you wo n't be sent back here .
alice is not gon na let me watch her pee .	alice wo n't let me look at her when she 's peeing .
now it picked its victims with more deliberation , and devoured them whole with a deal more dexterity .	she was now selecting her victims with more thought and eating them all with much greater prowess .
they say fire reveals all .	the fire will reveal everything .
wan na get a cup of coffee ?	do you want to go get some coffee ?
phil sounds like an all right guy .	phil 's gon na be a good guy .
i have been working since 7:00 .	i 've worked since i was seven .
nah , she came from north .	no , she passed out of the northern area .
and i also imagine you 're having trouble , um , writing , buttoning your shirt ?	and i suppose you have a writing problem with my shirt on ?
* need you ask ?	* find the question ?
so forgive me for being forthright or female , but this is how it 's gon na be .	now , if you 'll excuse me , i 'm straight or feminine , but that 's how it must be .
“ holder ” means the person in whose name an international registration is recorded in the international register ;	`` owner '' shall be the person on whose name the international registration is registered with the international office .
is there any overnight parking ?	is it even possible to park here for a night ?
at least we can not let our head to guard his house	at least we ca n't keep our heads down for surveillance .
but i 'm not doin ' it !	but i do n't .
what happened would be what happened .	what is supposed to happen .
uh , well , it does n't say , `` yummy breakfast treat '' so much as it says , `` my puppy 's dead . ''	she does n't chip her `` yummy to breakfast '' but she 's more like ... `` i 'm sick of a puppy . ''
practically everybody else was eating lobsters .	virtually everyone else has just eaten lobsters .
forgive me priest , because i sinned . i do n't admit there am me one week .	forgive me , father , i have not been to confession for a week .
'i could share it with them ? ' mort said hopefully .	'ca n't i share them ? 'said mort , his voice full of hope .
thanks for the heads-up .	thank you for your help .
is he planning a camping trip ?	does he plan to trip up ?
bez , take it easy . - hey .	bez , calm down !
all in favor of the baskets full of chocolates , teddy bears , and balloons .	who 's for baskets filled with chocolate , teddy bears and balloons ?
thompson : anyone who 's observed an infant learning to use its eyes , would .	thompson : `` anyone who has seen a child as they learn to use their eyesight understands . ''
- the legislation in force permits no alternative .	- existing legislation does not allow another alternative .
tell her to wait .	let it wait !
she 's like an assassin .	he looks like a killer .
having you there . ''	to have you here . '
furthermore , italy promised to deduct from aid amounts any sums paid under insurance schemes and normal costs not incurred .	in addition , italy has undertaken to deduct the amount paid under insurance payments , as well as current unladen expenses , from the amount of the aid .
the prosecutor ’ s office would be empowered to investigate , pursue and send for prosecution the authors of such offences and their accomplices .	this prosecution will have the power to seek , prosecute , and hand over the conviction of the perpetrator and the accessory to those offences .
a buddy soaps your back , you soap his .	my friend is washing your back and you 're washing your back with your friend .
road not safe .	the path is dangerous .
additionally two user associations replied submitting their comments .	it subsequently provided answers and submitted observations to the two user associations .
what are you singing about ?	how do you sing ?
this cave was the location of one gateway to that realm .	in this cave , a gateway has been found in this realm .
and now he surfaces , abducting disabled patients , doing illegal experiments ,	and it turns out that abducting disabled patients is carrying out illegal trials
we 're going to renew construction on the hospital .	we will rebuild the building of a hospital .
this is an outrage !	what ? it 's an insult !
it 's more than reflected sunlight .	more than a reflection from the sun .
for the past year i have been working with cephalopods—squid and octopi . ”	last year , i 've been working on cephalopods - squid and squid. ``
johnny seemed amused rather than outraged by this .	she seemed amused by the nickname , instead of being angry .
toshio cut the motors and loosened his straps .	toshio switched off his engines and unbuckled his seatbelts .
none of the other mages spoke .	no one else spoke .
the way my daddy looked at my mother .	to look at me like dad at mom .
the air was of a sudden chill , with the laying of a weird .	the air was suddenly cold , and he was thrown in something very peculiar .
which does n't make sense .	it makes no sense .
fifteen shekels to buy .	each is worth 15 shekels .
some of these thoughts obviously bled through the taprisiot transmitter because mckie reflected them , enveloping furuneo in a mental sneer .	some of those thoughts seemed to leak across the taprisian transmitters , as mckie reacted to them with a mental mockery , which furunea surrounded .
nothing is as always .	nothing 's the usual .
i remember when glenn made his first orbit in mercury .	he remembers glenn getting into orbit for the first time .
performing with ludmila peterková are two fantastically vibrant musicians - the violinist gabriela demeterová and the pianist markéta cibulková .	next to louis peterhead , two fantastic temperamental musicians work here - violinist gabriel demeter and piano player margaret cibulkova .
`` no wonder sumash 's fellow'disciples ' were horrified when he proclaimed terra 's divinity !	`` no wonder subow , the co-disciples , were appalled when he declared the earth a deity !
she was worried something might happen .	he 's afraid something 's happened .
can you loan me a cellular ?	can i borrow your phone ?
please let the record show that mr. vaughn has corroborated his own conversation of his own report with mr. rusick .	please include in the record that mr. vaughn confirmed his interview , according to reports he gave .
i remembered asking my kids ' second-grade teacher :	i remember when i asked my children 's teachers in the second grade :
he is a complaining , complaining moron .	the fool keeps complaining and complaining .
it 's terrible !	but this is terrible .
she held to the faint hope that this might be no more than an extraordinarily vivid dream .	she was still weakly hoping that it might just be an extremely wild dream .
`` excuse me , so sorry , but you should say , 'was there much breakage ? ' ''	`` i beg your pardon , but he says , '' many things have broken down ? `` '
you will love it so much .	you 'll love her a lot .
i went to all the major conservation organizations and there was virtually no one doing anything to save sharks .	i 've visited every major animal conservation organization , but almost none of them had anything to do with sharks .
he 's convicted of three sexual assaults at knifepoint .	convicted of 3 sexual assault with a knife in his hand .
beside the transceiver was an elaborate sony biomonitor , linked directly with the surgical pod and charged with the medical history recorded in mitchell ’ s biosoft dossier .	along the radio was a complex sony biomonitor , directly associated with a medical unit , and stuffed along the edge of medical records from mitchell 's biosoften .
this is a blood pact	it 's a bloody pact .
apple to be stored in chilled conditions < 5 °c prior to use .	the apples are stored in refrigeration at 5 ° c. before use .
consideration should therefore be given to ways in which these interests can be better protected by collective actions .	it is therefore necessary to consider how their interests could be better protected through mass lawsuits .
as of now , this division 's under quarantine .	from now on ... this division is quarantined .
the human experimentation board ! the aml ! - and the police !	a humane experimental commission and police !
the chin and jaws were firm and glinted with health .	his jaw and jaw showed health .
all right , fine !	ok in order , fine .
slime-blooded goblin-lovers ! ''	mushy favourites of orcs ! '
might just surprise yourself someday .	maybe one day you 'll be surprised .
now go on man , quickly , quickly !	come on , man . quick , quick .
you sing real good .	you 're singing really well .
whoever these fuckers are , they want us dead .	anyway , those motherfuckers want to kill us .
bring over a rock !	get some rocks !
she started getting phone calls at odd times .	then the phones started in a weird time .
were those relationships to be called into question , there could therefore be serious economic repercussions tending to destabilise the french community ’ s education budget .	the challenge of challenging these legal relationships could therefore have serious economic effects that could affect the balance of the french community 's budget in the area of education .
oh , 50 bucks a class .	fifty bucks for one grade .
i 'm gon na have this thing in front of a grand jury by monday .	i 'll get it on monday before the grand jury .
their assault crossbows had been freshly blackened , then smeared in greasy dust to remove the gleam .	the attack crossbows were freshly blackened and coated with dust , so they did n't glint .
i swear it 's not me !	i swear i did n't take it .
they were not detected by radar by either country . ... the nerds were right .	they were not discovered by any radar or one of these lands .
any fluid coming out ?	is there any liquid ?
what happened was the board he was clawin his way along all of a sudden snapped under his weight and he dropped .	it happened that the plank he was scratching had broken beneath him , and he had fallen .
is that prohibition still in effect ? ''	is there still a ban ? ``
thus from my lips by thine my sin is purged .	so my lips , my lips , my lips are washed out of sin .
i need his signature on some things .	i need him to sign something .
i take it you 're dining with that man tonight .	are you going to dinner with this guy ?
we 're denied 'cause of code 426e .	they rejected us for the 426e code .
throw that away .	throw it out !
we 're bringing george cochran in .	let 's go get george cochran .
compression ignition engine instruments shall be spanned with the 21 per cent oxygen blend ;	for diesel engines the apparatus is calibrated with a mixture containing 21 % oxygen ;
oh , blasters are n't fair ?	a blaster is not fair ?
your spirit will go to eywa ...	your soul will be for eywa .
`` i wan na know ! ''	`` i 'd like to see that . ''
the price difference was far outweighed by the much smaller risk in the event of a sale to grawe .	significantly , the downside risks to grawe 's sale would exceed the difference between price offers .
this looks like an infection . nobody touched nothing ?	no one touched anything ?
shiva is over .	shiv'ah 's done .
i got your message .	did you get my message ?
the corridor along which they were walking was completely featureless apart from occasional numbered doors , each bearing one of the universal recog panels .	the corridor they walked lacked any major landmarks , except for the portly spaced-numbered doors , all of which were the universal detection panels .
also , she 's paying me 30,000 bucks once we pass .	he 'll also pay me $ 30,000 when he gets it .
you are not invited .	you do n't have an invitation .
and we shall flay the skin from his body and use horses to tear him apart .	and we 'll drag his skin out of his body and then we 'll rip him apart !
so let 's get on with our fiirst tale .	then let 's go to our first story .
get this off of me .	take it off me !
are there words to this ?	does he have words ?
turns out the last two cards swiped were denied .	two recent credit cards have been rejected .
to this end , a solomon islands seaman is an acp seaman ; ( m )	this is why a sailor from the solomon islands is a seafarer from the acp countries ;
business tax is payable each year by natural or legal persons regularly carrying on a self-employed business as at 1 january .	the business tax shall be obliged annually to the natural and legal persons normally engaged in self-employment on 1 january .
i knew nothing more of this horrible affair until this morning .	until morning , i had no idea of the terrible thing .
gruesome murders , chills and thrills --	horrific murders , clouds and excitement ...
such arrangements are fundamental to all democratic governments .	such measures are one of the most basic measures of every democratic government .
lying there day after day watching people 's ugly faces passing in on you	to lie here every day , watch the ugly faces of the people clinging to the glass to see you .
soldiers on a march spend more time sitting around waiting than they do walking .	the troops will spend more time obsessing and waiting before the march .
do n't you ever , ever presume to know what i am .	never ... never think you know who i am !
what is your opinion of the effect factory labour has on children ?	what do you think of the effects of work in a children 's factory ?
barnes is taking a boat .	barnes will take the ship .
there were worse ways to spend christmas .	christmas can be spent even worse .
so i think that 's , uh , biggest loss that i have had in my career ... as someone who makes films .	i 'd say this is the biggest loss that has affected me in my film career .
calling your boyfriend , saying good-bye to mom and dad ...	call your friend , say goodbye to mommy and daddy .
you 've been not eating anything for a while . it might turn to something dangerous .	he has n't eaten anything for a long time . that can be dangerous .
he does n't make those kinds of decisions .	he 's not making any decisions about these things .
will you listen to yourself ? please listen ...	are you even listening ?
i do n't knowabout this jacket .	it 's not my jacket .
sl ne jesti , piti ali kaditi med uporabo tega izdelka .	sl takoj hubčite center za instalupitve ali healthily .
theyjust found your man guilty on that sex abuse .	he 's been convicted of sexual abuse .
you 're getting meaner in your old age .	as you get older , you 're much meaner .
the way harrington busted that asshole houseman 's chops in yeltsin is probably going to stick in his craw . ''	how harrington cut that bastard , houseman in yeltsin , would probably hate him. ``
`` you shall not lack for warriors , '' replied the jeddak .	`` you wo n't be getting any fighters , '' jeddak answered .
this is n't my room !	it 's not my room .
literature has been published suggesting a link between pholcodine consumption and cross sensitisation to nmbas , resulting in anaphylactic reactions during surgery .	publications have published that illustrate the link between the use of folcodine and cross-hypersensitivity to neuromuscular blockers leading to anaphylactic reactions during the operation .
can i have my phone ?	will you give me the phone ?
`` night then saw all the stars .	the night had already fallen by the stars ...
nikki shut it again immediately , and snapped the lock .	nikki shut the door behind him and turned the key .
he draws his strength from no single locale , but from a condition of light and darkness .	it does not draw its power from any site , but from the proportion of light and shadow .
oh , i 'll drop it all right ... down my throat .	okay , i 'm gon na dump him , right in my throat .
nightshade was genuinely mad now , her voice rising to a near scream .	nightshade 1 was really angry , almost screaming .
seven twenty in the morning .	we have 7 : 20 a.m .
are you gon na get fingerprints ?	you want to have your fingerprints taken ?
what success have you had ... with your book ?	and how did you succeed with the book ?
use caution . these jedi are not to be underestimated .	be careful , do n't underestimate the jedi .
i am hot shit , dumbass .	i 'm the best , bitch .
sentiments for all occasions .	emotions for every occasion .
unable complete operation because there is not enough memory .	due to a lack of memory , it failed to complete the operation .
your majesty 's kind ...	your majesty is being nice .
and he did have an anniversary approaching .	and the anniversary really came close .
well , yeah who 's this ?	okay , yes who is it ?
robocop did n't have guns for arms .	robocop had no weapons in his hands .
so put the knife down .	then throw the knife away !
'you may keep it as a souvenir ! ' cried fagott .	`` let it be remembered ! '' exclaimed fagott .
she told me you like to bark in your sleep .	she said you were barking out of sleep .
that regulation becomes without object and should therefore be repealed .	the regulation continues to be devoid of purpose and must therefore be annulled .
we 're not talking about my meeting .	do n't talk about the meeting .
there are rumors of al qaeda targeting rail lines in europe .	there are rumours that al-qaeda is targeting european railways .
while watching the other guy taking a shit .	while you watch another guy who poops .
the falter in langdon 's eyes was fleeting but leigh caught it .	langdon 's eyelids were brief , but teabing caught them .
pretty fired , is n't it ?	he 's fired quite a shot , right ?
who who 'd ya heard ?	who did you hear ?
four days past , they had crossed a void the mind refused to remember , the between of gates .	he passed through two gates four days ago , and his memory was already refusing to recall .
should you not receive an automatic reply message , please submit your application again .	if you do n't get an automatic response , sign up again .
she 's finally full .	he 's finally had enough !
hey ! stop acting crazy , okay ?	stop behaving like a fool !
so this , uh , mother of a patient of mine asked me if it was okay for her to be having sex this far along in her pregnancy .	the mother of one of my patients asked if she could have sex in such an advanced stage of pregnancy .
come here . have a seat .	come on , sit down .
maybe he thinks it will clash with his uniform .	he probably does n't think he 'd fit in on his uniform .
you 're supposed to be my friend !	you should have been my friend .
whose clothes are these ?	whose dress is this ?
aye , all right .	yeah , it 's okay .
the time of sacrifice is at hand .	it 's a time for sacrifice .
we 've reserved 3 rooms .	i booked three rooms .
for lunch for old times ' sake ?	lunch as in the old days ?
it 's not a matter of negotiation .	this is not being negotiated .
turn him over to cohen 's mortuary .	give it to cohen at the morgue .
print an ink-level page .	print page with the same ink level
the more control increased the accuracy of correction	more checks , increase accuracy
possibly threaten his life .	maybe threaten him a little .
would ya be quiet ?	would you shut up ?
i 'm not yours .	i do n't even belong to you .
she 's not ? no .	is n't it ?
let 's go kick the motherfucker 's ass all over dreamland .	we 're gon na kick that bastard in the ass of a dream .
so , all this religion .	it 's your religion .
i am afraid he will not live much longer	i 'm afraid he wo n't be able to live long .
the tomb was peaceful , silent .	the tomb filled with a deep peace and quiet .
that slut thinks she can play with my balls .	the slut thinks he can fuck with me !
look after yourselves , okay ?	take care of yourself , ok ?
i picked up the controller grandma !	i have my grandmother 's driver !
it has often been suggested by those affected and by the competent authorities that high eu hygiene requirements are responsible for this structural change .	the bodies concerned and the competent authorities have frequently pointed out that the cause of this structural change is the `` high level of eu hygiene . ''
but here 's what 's surprising .	but this is surprising -
this might not be that bad .	maybe it wo n't be so bad .
they smash their enemies skulls and drink from it 's dust , they mate in public ,	they break the skulls of enemies and their blood pour into the dust .
listen , darling . i can not break up my family . i can not .	i ca n't ... ... insist my family .
mt jekk fuq il-ġilda ( jew xagħar ) :	mt f'kaçta'nar kbir u kwantitajiet kbar : evakwa bod-żon .
i did n't get any sleep at night .	there 's no sleep !
you , lose yourself .	and you get lost .
she knows what to do with this .	she 'll know what she 's doing .
my friend is to be married soon , it 's almost certain .	my friend will have a wedding soon , i 'm pretty sure
the square jaws grinned defiantly and the blue eyes crinkled .	he grinned crookedly , his blue eyes narrowing .
pull over the goddamn car !	stop the damn car .
ai n't the cells you got to worry about .	the cells are not what you should be afraid of .
police chief tung chief tung ?	chief tung is here !
budgetary implication uncollected customs duties of a total amount of approximately 60,5 mio €/year .	budgetary implication the selected duty for an overall amount of approximately eur 60.5 million / year .
your breasts are ... ... perfect .	you have great tits .
she remained silent , afraid that anything she said would make the situation worse .	she preferred to remain silent because she was worried she might say something . what would only make matters worse .
let 's go to elba nine .	we 're going to elba 9 .
petronius or perhaps loose tongue of his confederates .	petronius , or the free language of his species ...
oh , jesus fucking christ .	god damn it .
yeah , i had it on my bed , and i did n't pack it .	i have him on my bed . i just forgot to wrap him up .
privacy and junk e-mail prevention	privacy protections and unsolicited mail
tryin ' to be funny ?	you want to joke ?
i 'm going to die laughing !	i 'm gon na die of laughter .
and that 's also true of the money managers .	and it is also true for financial executives .
through that car !	over the car .
not all the heroes wear masks .	every hero has no mask .
it was hard to force the words .	the words were difficult for him .
it would have hurt a lot less if i had finished that last beer .	and i 'm sure it would hurt less if i could just finish it .
to uphold the opposition for all disputed goods decision of the board of appeal :	opposition upheld for all contested products .
your brother has come to see you crowned .	your brother came to look at your coronation .
hey ! keep your hands off my wife	leave my wife alone .
143 second , flat-rate amounts have been abolished .	143 secondly , the lump sums were abolished .
i hear he 's real fast .	i heard he was really quick .
i damaged a few files on the way in .	i hurt a couple of files when i entered .
he also had n't paid a couple of thousand in back child support .	further , tommy did not pay a few thousand for child support .
i 'm gon na shoot that son of a bitch .	i 'm going to shoot this bastard !
it 's late . let 's wait 'til tomorrow .	we 'll be waiting by tomorrow .
i overheard the jailer say you could see the fires from southwark .	i heard a jailer saying there was fire over the southwark .
things are going to get mad .	it 's gon na get crazy .
you 've done nothing but run and hide , faith .	you did n't do anything , she just ran away and hid , faith .
we got ta lose these guys !	we have to lose these men .
the funding is intended to help set up or extend the geographical reach of a project and make it sustainable beyond the funding period .	the purpose of the funds is to help build or expand the geographic scope of the project and ensure its sustainability even after the end of the financing period .
‘ i̇slami büyük doğu akıncılar cephesi ’ — ‘ ibda-c ’ ( ‘ great islamic eastern warriors front ’ ) .	`` i̇slami büyük doğu akıncınlar cephesi '' - `` ibda-c '' ( `` fronta islamic fighters of the great east '' ) .
you better not say anything about my mother !	and do n't you dare talk about my mama .
outside of sir charles , was anybody else always present at each party ?	besides sira charles , has anyone ever been present at all parties ?
daddy , what 's a nympho ?	dad , what is this nymphomaniac ?
using expresní linka , you can only transfer money to accounts in foreign currencies operated by kb .	via expresní linka , reimbursement of foreign currency accounts held at kb alone can be carried out .
you wanted some grass ?	did you want the weed ?
you tremble of fear !	they tremble with fear .
happy anniversary , honey .	happy birthday to jubilee .
no . i 'm denying that there 's anything to deny .	now you deny your denial .
here at home , leading the department has been a joy .	to lead the ministry in our country for me was a joy .
you 're not in pain ?	does n't it hurt you ?
she does darryl harm ?	is he gon na hurt darryl ?
a wide smile began to spread over drizzt 's face as he saw the svirfneblin weakening .	he could see that the svirfnebli was surrendering , and a broad smile spread across his face .
you leave 15 % .	it 's 15 percent .
begin complete systems check at once .	begin screening of all systems now .
treatment can be continued once blood pressure has been stabilised .	once the blood pressure is stabilized , it is possible to proceed with treatment .
it 's gon na be ok !	everything will be okay !
is everything alright ?	hey , are you okay ?
did these ships make short local trips or were they on long voyages ? ''	and have you only taken short voyages or long journeys ? ``
wrong result type supplied in return next	response parameter type return next does not match the return type function
that 's very kind , raphaëile .	you 're really nice , rafaela .
your burgondy carpet is n't in stock	the wine-red carpet 's not in stock .
whoever is behind my husband 's death , why have they gone to all of this trouble ?	no matter what the murder of my husband , why does he succumb to such trouble ?
he is the groosalugg .	it 's grooalugg .
typically , egyptologists divide the history of pharaonic civilization using a schedule laid out first by manetho 's	egyptologists usually separate the history of the pharaoh 's civilization according to chronology , the first time designed in manethos
because i do n't pay for it .	i 'm not paying for this .
amen ! - instead of worshippin ' that golden calf . that earthly trash on that garbage island .	amen ! ... instead of worshiping the golden lamb , the land waste on this desert island .
i 'm not afraid of a small operation , no ?	do n't you have any fear of such a small procedure ?
i 'm exhausted from hanging onto the ledge and having some kid 's foot on my fingertips .	i 'm tired of climbing on a ladder where a kid gets my fingers crossed .
offshore wind energy ( owe ) 3.1. introduction the eepr offshore wind energy sub-programme consists of nine projects in two main areas of activities :	wind energy at sea 3.1 .
no further orders were passed .	they did n't get any more orders .
i do n't wan na do this anymore , okay ?	i 'm not gon na keep doing this anymore .
abnormal tube like passage from one normal body cavity to another body cavity or the skin .	abnormal coupling of a single body cavity with a different body cavity or its skin ( formation of beetroot ) .
`` she looks pretty good to me . ''	`` he seems quite nice . ''
the initial aim shall be set between : – 2 per cent and – 2,5 per cent .	default settings must be between 2 % and - 2.5 % .
you got another envelope ? yeah .	did you get the next envelope ?
the movie , let 's make it .	we 're gon na make this movie .
it 's all white and empty .	like a white void .
like hunterssetting traps for animals ... we prepared our welcome .	like hunters on an animal trap , we were prepared to welcome .
`` did you get in touch with mhoram ?	`` have you contacted mhoram ? have you found the unbound ? ''
i mean , besides , i have too many obligations here .	anyway , i 've got a lot of liabilities here .
i think you might be travelling with an old friend of mine .	i thought maybe you were traveling with my old girlfriend .
the preeminent race reborn ?	the rebirth of our race .
you know he 's not gon na make it here long once you 're not here to protect him anymore , do n't you ?	you know he wo n't last much longer , when you 're gone , you wo n't be there to protect him , right ?
'our mam said- '	'but our mum said - '
the war had begun ...	war broke out .
second line remain standing !	the second row will remain .
we'il bring our family 's power together and get back at the planet !	we will unite our forces as a family and return the planet equally !
talking of secret trails .	when we talk about secret paths .
`` ( what i think we have really done , at last , is break some dams of misunderstanding .	`` ( i believe we 've finally accomplished something , they 've broken the game of misunderstandings .
your leg ... ... was nearly severed .	it almost cut your leg off .
aside from seeing my father naked .	also when i saw my dad naked .
is it all right ?	he 's okay ?
michel , tell this chick to get out immediately .	get the girl out of here now , michel !
it 's sealed .	they 're locked .
we get somebody else to do it .	someone will do it for us .
they wait till the middle of the night , drop it in the night , print it in the night .	they waited until midnight , they set him up at night , and they printed it out at night .
is that your doing ?	so you 're doing it ?
while loading the microsoft excel installable isam , ole was unable to initialize .	there was no possible initialization of ole initialization when introducing an isam version of isam for microsoft excel .
never did anybody no wrong , had to be forgiven for nothin ' ?	you 've never done anything wrong , have you nothing to forgive ?
now this is jamarky-mark .	it 's jamarz-mark .
no provision that might reconcile these two apparently inconsistent aspects appeared in any of the extracts provided .	none of the submissions submitted contains a provision that would bring these two manifestly contradictory aspects into line .
okay , be nice . okay ?	all right , be good , all right ?
i have such fears .	i 'm so scared .
nobody escapes from his destiny . ''	no one escapes their fate .
is she your wife ?	your lady , right ?
those are my daddy 's couplings .	they 're for my father .
do you think it worked , with the photo ?	you think this photo is going to work ?
he was sick on joe plately 's wife !	the girl who threw up on joe platley 's wife .
it 'll be back , 23 years from now , 23 years from then .	it will come back ... twenty-three years from now ... and another twenty-three .
'i expect granny knows , ' said magrat .	'well , i suppose granny must know , 'said magrat .
this is cooooool !	that 's whaaoool !
i never fucking missed anyone before .	no one ever missed me .
no double dose should be taken to make up for missed individual doses .	a double dose should not be administered as a replacement of the forgotten dose .
did you try the little jam-bread whatever your boyfriend made ?	hey , did you try that one that got your friend ready ?
that 's unforgivable .	this is inexcusable .
and i was clothed .	and they dressed me .
`` ln udeo-christian mythology , the guf is the hall of souls .	`` there 's guf sarah 's soul in a jewish-christian mythology .
it is quite interesting .	he 's not very interesting .
he 's really not .	it really is n't .
'tell me , ledanu , of this next city . '	`` tell me , ledanue , about the other city . ''
and it 's my guess that she 'll look like him .	i think he looks exactly like him .
nobody really noticed him .	no one paid him any notice .
i 'm surprising him .	it 's a surprise .
it 's no reason to freak out like a jerk and try to kill all of humanity .	but he did n't have to go crazy and try to exterminate humanity .
meg return the attention ?	meg returned her interest ?
not as uncomfortable as it makes me that you read my e-mails .	not like i 'm from reading my e-mails .
oh , sorry , right here !	excuse me , this way !
now i 'm at peace with myself .	i have peace in my soul .
god , the heat !	god , it 's so hot .
or you wan na see him in prison ?	or do you want him to go to jail ?
cease fire ! cease fire !	stop the shooting !
what 's going on ? do n't talk , sit up .	stop talking and sit down .
you 're like a mob wife .	like a woman in a mafia .
start page en/house cars cz/volkswagen sk/volkswagen pl/volkswagen de/volkswagen en/volkswagen	start page en / house cars cz / volkswagen sk / volkswagen pl / volkswagen de / volkswagen en / volkswagen
he took some time to get his breath back , and then walked around to the big black door and rang the bell .	moist waited until he was breathing , then moved around the corner and headed for the large black gate , where he pulled the ring of the bell .
view certificate - opens the view certificate dialog .	show certificates - open the display certificates dialog .
they had planned their wedding , spoken of their future together .	they were planning a wedding . they were talking about the future .
the boy forced his way through , still naked except for his shorts , brandishing the butcher knife .	the boy pushed himself out , wearing only his shorts and waving a butcher 's knife .
have n't you wanted something so much that nothing else mattered ?	did n't you ever want something that did n't matter to others ?
because you 've fallen in love and princess loves no one .	you have love in your heart , but the princess does n't know any love .
after which , he reads his bible .	then read the bible .
at least fifty bodies had been recovered , all very innocent civilians .	a good fifty bodies of innocent civilians were released from the wreckage .
oh . this is so stupid .	that 's so stupid !
gross necropsy and organ weight results should be assessed in context with observations made in other repeated dose studies , when feasible .	if practicable , the results of the total post-mortem examination and the weight of the organs in other repeated dosing studies shall be evaluated .
is he not doing any better ?	did n't it get better ?
he 's having his third instincts .	his third instinct was on him .
is n't he fantastic , america ?	it 's not great , america .
could you wait here for a while ?	would you mind waiting a minute ?
'teovin and a disreputable drunkard named krager .	`` teovin and an exiled drunk called krager .
i think i may be looking for a job .	maybe i 'll look for work .
but i can not see this without the drink .	i ca n't watch it without a drink .
i can not see how our children can be expected to acquire a love of learning unless we ourselves demonstrate it .	i do n't know how our kids should have a taste for learning if we do n't show them ourselves .
do you think it would be all right with my daddy if i buttoned up my shirt ?	you think daddy 's gon na let me have my shirt on ?
that saltillo tile is terrible for a kitchen because it 's so porous .	the saltilla cobbles are bad for the kitchen because they 're too porous .
what a brilliant fight !	it was an amazing fight !
daddy , look ! like man with no legs and arms !	dad , it looks like a guy with no hands and feet .
your home is on chelsea bay drive ?	do you have a house in chelsea bay ?
she was in mary kate ’ s class . ”	she went to mary kate 's class. ``
you spend all your life saving the lives of strangers and you ca n't even save your own family .	you 've saved other people 's lives ... ... but your family wo n't be able to help .
you 're not interested ?	you do n't care ?
it is very beautiful .	she 's very pretty .
this is what you 're up to .	that 's why you 're here .
i tell you , he 'll go down in 3 strikes	i 'm telling you he 's going to hit the ground by 3 .
file paths must be in the form : \\ or \\\\ .	path to files must have this shape : \\ or\\ .
just free to lead normal liveswith no demonic aftertaste .	we 'll be free for a normal life without a demonic taste .
mass delete by search	bulk deleting using search
you thought i would get angry like this ?	did you think i 'd get mad at what ?
as a result , the different methodology produced different values for liabilities .	the different methodology therefore led to other values of commitments .
that dream had been too real !	when the dream was so real !
'been quiet these two nights past , though . '	`` but it was quiet for the last two nights . ''
it 's been in a rich person 's mouth .	that was in the mouths of rich people .
i bet you 're as ready for this t over with as i am .	i bet you want it to be over , just like i did .
it is genuinely unbelievable .	it 's absolutely incredible .
he thinks he 's gon na become champion on his own ?	does he think he 'll just be the champion ?
i 'm supposed to be somewhere .	yeah , i should 've been somewhere .
excellent , very sexy .	great , that 's hot .
those dirty liars !	you filthy liar !
it says , when you graduate , you wan na work for me in behavioural science .	after school , he said you want to work with me at the behavioral sciences department .
oh , in your dreams .	just in a dream .
fong continued to read .	fang continued on reading .
it 's not gon na force anybody to talk .	it does n't make anyone talk .
his disability impairs sensory input and its processes .	his flaw undermines sensory sensations and their evaluation .
that 's perfectly true .	that is an absolute truth .
oh , i beg your pardon .	oh , excuse me for a minute .
what have you discovered ?	what did it find ?
i found semen contribution from holland in the bed ...	i found hollande 's sperm on the bed .
prepare for a full system shutdown .	prepare to shut down systems .
he took it to the microtome , a knife with a revolving blade that cut very thin slices of plastic and imbedded green tissue .	he put it in a microone in which a knife-wielding knife cut up the hugely-thin plates of the hardened mass , including deep green tissue .
is that the enchanted hunters hotel ?	is this a charming hunting hotel ?
well , that 's all the v8 .	it was all chamacallit .
it was to make me dream faster .	they gave me more speed dreams .
can you think of any reason that someone might wan na harm her ?	do you think anyone would want to hurt her ?
somebody told you a fairytale and you went for it .	you and gangsters ? someone told you some stories and you believed them .
yeah , yeah , uh , everybody ate wild mushrooms at their rehearsal brunch and kinda went on a bad trip , so it was , uh , ugh .	yes , yes , they all ate mushrooms , and the late breakfast was kind of twisted ,
every cop in vegas is looking for me .	all the cops in vegas are after me !
everything is research on some level .	it 's all a bit of research .
the letter - raoul again - the champs-elysées	letter - new raoul les champs elyees
that 's him there , fighting in the fancy clothes .	the one who fights in those fancy dress .
about doing a gay wedding before ?	to plan for the gay wedding ?
we 're in a hundred percent .	we 're going to 100 % .
your were about 4 months old .	you 've had around 4 months .
if your you had been priest , your siblings had also been it .	you know , if you were a preacher , your brothers would be preachers .
it was not stolen .	i did n't steal anything .
seeing her again then ?	so you 're going to see me again ?
we got a spare bedroom .	we have an extra room .
that 's no accident .	it was n't an accident .
a cloud is passing	the cloud will pass
to go that night would be a gain of twelve hours ;	if he goes overnight , he 'll be given 12 hours .
this is not fair .	that 's unfair .
explain that to captain 's orderly so that he doesn ' t make any mistakes , will you ?	you 're going to explain everything to the captain so he wo n't make a mistake .
her avian 's companion ( who nicole assumed was a mate of some kind ) and two additional linoleum-surfaced creatures flew in first .	her bird friend ( which nicole judged had to be the one ) flew in two more with a surface resembling linoleum .
ca n't create object	the object could not be created .
2. get transformation service metadata operation 2.1. get transformation service metadata request 2.1.1 .	2.1.1. requirement `` to obtain a transformation service metadata ''
we 're supposed to be a hundred miles away by now .	we should have been hundreds of miles away .
all these reporters here to launch your campaign ...	there 's so many journalists , you can start your campaign ...
in addition , the shipyard is being wound down in stages , with groups of workers being dismissed as the final ship orders are completed .	moreover , the yard 's operations are terminated at different stages , and workers are fired after the final completion of orders by the ship .
it 's got ta be .	that must be him .
i just wondered if we had any news on ella dee ?	i was wondering if we knew anything about elle dee ?
now that the world is going to be run peacefully , we should all drive hybrid cars .	there will be peace in the world and we will ride in hybrid cars .
please sit down , though .	please have a seat .
i 'm still so mad !	they made me mad !
it 's not stupid , it 's fun .	they 're not stupid !
turning around , he noticed the eastern sky was lightening , ac­cording to his goggles .	he looked back and noticed that the sky in the east was already brightening .
again he lifted frodo and drew his hands down to his own breast . letting his master 's legs dangle .	he picked up again and pulled his hands on his chest , while he left the pair 's feet dangling .
it was somehow supposed to protect the west from some terrible disaster that would happen if it were lost .	he supposed he should have somehow protected the west from a kind of terrible misfortune , and he could not be lost .
the introduction of a sanction system therefore meets both those concerns .	the imposition of the sanctions regime is thus consistent with those two concerns .
the explosive is timed to detonate in exactly twenty-four hours .	explosives will be activated in 24 hours .
it is very meaningful !	he 's very important !
this in principle would facilitate the monitoring of the respective markets .	in principle , control of the relevant market is facilitated .
now , you 've heard of the french nation , the british nation .	you heard it was france , and britain .
she ai n't no sister of yours .	she 's not your sister !
niss-the crewman whom your daneel chastised -- - ''	niss - the member of the crew that daneel had taken a little ... ``
god bless you !	oh , my god .
who is n't ? - you do n't seem so weird .	maybe you 're not that weird .
are you using drones ?	with the help of drones ?
well , we just have to evaluate this when t is equal to 2 .	we 'll assess it for `` t equals 2 .
there 's been a mistake .	there was an error .
certain products can lose the entitlement to the refund when they cease to be of sound and fair marketable quality .	certain products may be entitled to a refund if they no longer have a proper and satisfactory commercial quality .
`` overdose can be a problem .	`` overdose could result in serious problems .
i 'm not ashamed at all !	i do n't feel any shame !
it was named after prehistoric ironmongery .	the name was given by archaeologically documented prehistoric ironworks .
bp down from 110 systolic to 90 palp .	pulse 120 , systola 110 , dropped to 90 .
i was just turning money over because i was selling them so cheap .	they went on expensive , because i sold them so cheaply .
region : veneto centro ittico valdastico valdastico ( veneto , provincia di vicenza )	azienda agricola lietta srl n. 052tv074 via rai 3 i-31010 ormelle ( tv )
swallow-wort , iris , lilies , clematis , balsams , umbrella-shaped flowers , aloes , tree-ferns , and spicy shrubs formed a border of incomparable brilliancy .	knickers , mews , lilies , burlesque , embellifery , aloe ferns , scented shrubs lined the banks of their unbreakable splendor .
that 's right , yeah .	yes , it is .
your mam used to think i was hilarious .	your mom thought it was funny .
these fruits need also to be protected during long transports .	this fruit also requires protection during long transportation .
rather than smarm .	not like edema .
we must remain calm .	we have to keep quiet .
like shu , i too had a cruch on someone .	like shu and i have fallen in love with someone .
everyone of those teams here knows that .	each of these teams knew this .
he 's that important ?	is that such a significant person ?
we 've got to leave for georgia immediately .	we have to go to georgia now , scully .
that 's how we roll .	this is how we do it !
whatever his other many failings , he has a pretty good record on aid to poor countries , particularly in healthcare .	wherever his many failures are elsewhere , it has very good results in helping poor countries , especially in health care .
cordelia carefully refrained from cleaning up their campsite .	cordelia was careful to keep their camp clean .
the dead risen up to eat the living ...	the dead stand to be eaten alive
you 'd better drink hot milk . ''	go for a drink of hot milk ! '
displaying client failed .	unable to display client
makes no bloody sense .	it does n't make any damn sense .
told me your grandson was murdered .	i hear your grandson is dead .
i squealed in surprise , smacking his taut ass with both of my hands .	i caught the surprise and slapped him with both hands on his tight butt .
professor quirrell will be your defense against the dark arts teacher .	harry , professor quirrell will teach you to defend against black magic .
the bear is here .	there 's a bear .
i 've never had the wallet for that .	i do n't have a wallet .
jesus harold christ on a fucking rubber crutch !	oh my god on rubber crutches !
i was gon na get a crucifix .	i wanted to go for the crucifix .
how is she gon na eat ?	how does she get the food now ?
in addition , ‘ fusion for energy ’ operates in an extremely complex market in which monopoly or oligopoly situations are predominant .	moreover , f4e operates in a highly complex market that operates predominantly monopolies and oligopolies .
let their parents worry about it .	leave your concerns to your parents .
theoretically , certain cancers .	in theory , some kind of cancer .
without going back to the iraq or the argentinean crisis , day-to-day examples of this cost are numerous .	every day we meet many examples of paying such a price , and we do n't even have to mention iraq or argentina 's crisis .
if this rain sets in , how are we to load these wagons ?	if the rains come , then how do we load the cars ?
it 's twelve .	there were 12 .
who 've you got for gym , then ?	so who did you have at the gym ?
finding where the ba had hidden its filthy bio-bomb on graf station was the first priority .	the first priority was to find out where he hid his biological bomb at station .
wars have begun in this way , mr. ambassador . ”	that 's how wars started , mr. ambassador. ``
you wan na get hot ? you wan na get hot ?	do you want to heat it up ?
say quick-quick plees can . ”	she said lychle lychle , flat. ``
the main risk reduction measures put in place are on respiratory diseases , cardiovascular diseases , cancer , neurodevelopmental disorders and endocrine-related impacts .	the main actions to reduce the risk concern the respiratory tract disease , cardiovascular disease , cancer , nervous development disorder and associated endocrine activity .
it 's very delicate ?	is that very sensitive ?
léded diper 's got a gig tonight .	löded diper has a concert today .
listen very carefully . reynaud :	all right , listen up .
my mother passed the skill on to me , as her mother before her .	i have this talent for my mother and after my mother .
show us code 4 .	we have a code four .
all of it . $ 10 million .	i 'll give you ten million .
before , the forest had seemed composed solely of pines and spruces .	before that , it seemed to be a forest filled with pine and spruce .
no doubt you will go to the prison to see james .	i 'm sure you 'll go to james ' jail .
nobody asked why that world lay forsaken .	no one asked why they had left the planet .
still got trees to pull up then ?	do you still have trees for resorting ?
he 's idiotic , and yet i find him completely charming .	he 's an idiot , but he still finds me cute .
you leave them sitting in the halfpenny place .	he kept them sitting on a half-pint .
d. , send a signalto our fighter squadron .	d ... send out an emissary of our fighters .
based on data provided for 2004/2005 , 3 mss performed no sampling controls on seed consignments for the adventitious presence of gmo .	according to the 2004 / 2005 data , three member states did not carry out checks on samples in respect of seed consignments concerning the accidental presence of gmos .
from the moment we leave the forest , dan , it 's all a giving up and adjusting .	once we walk out of the woods , dan ... ... we 're just gon na give up and adjust .
my asshole dad remarried right away !	my stupid father remarried immediately .
your doctor will do blood tests and may do eye tests while you are taking this medicine .	the doctor will carry out blood tests during treatment , and he can carry out eye testing .
right-click the message , then click mark as not junk .	right-click the message and select notify that it is not unsolicited .
names have no meaning here .	names do n't mean anything .
due to an accident ... ... helen had suffer an operation ... ... that left her steril	for some sort of accident ... helen underwent surgery ... ... and after that she was left sterile ...
probably lying in your couch asleep .	you 're probably sleeping on the couch .
i never saw that .	i 've never seen it !
‘ working position ’ means the furniture and technical equipment at which a member of the air traffic services staff under takes task associated with their job ;	`` jobs '' means equipment and technical equipment , which shall carry out a task related to its work by means of its work ;
`` and a man can not always work , or he will go mad . ''	`` and you ca n't keep working , or he 'd be crazy . ''
your highness must be looking forward ... ... with great anticipationto your wedding .	your majesty can hardly wait for your wedding .
you must save yourself .	you have to be saved .
let 's just relax ... ... and let 's all just get some perspective ...	calm down and let 's take a look at it ...
cat and mouse ! cat and mouse !	like a cat with a mouse !
go home . go home !	i 'm going home .
millions of readers buy my books every week .	consider , 10 million readers every day for which i make my books !
there was blood dripping from her eye .	her eyes were bleeding .
if she knew half the stuff that i got away with -- i mean ,	if she knew about half the thing they 'd do to me ...
i 'm surprised she 's not jamming this into my eyeball .	i 'm surprised you did n't put a nail in my eye .
that 's not what i wanted for maisy !	i did n't want this for maisy .
but , dutch , robbing a child ...	but stealing the baby , dutch .
i calculated the money for or 50 days , at 4 dollars an hour , then multiplied by 12 .	i 'm counting 50 days ... ... an hour of 4,000 won times 12 hours , so he 's doing it ...
he was assaulted sometime after 8 a.m. ?	did he ever get mugged for eight hours ?
you saw a few old friends who had taken the test ?	have you seen some friends who have already taken those exams ?
i know what a good job you did raising me .	i know how good work you 've done with my raise .
asylums have been closed down but the families wo n't have them	the loony bin is closed and families do n't need them .
there is only me here .	it 's just me .
planet elephant ! yeah .	a planet of elephants .
i do n't have anything else left .	there 's nothing else .
that 's dishonest . it 's crappy . - noreen .	this is dishonest and pathetic .
there you go again with the mind games .	it 's your game again .
she is the most inventive girl .	she 's very resourceful .
all he had accomplished was to create the atmosphere within which the times might have the possibility of change .	he has only managed to create an atmosphere in which he can have times to have a chance for some change .
is there a purpose to walk this slow ?	does it make sense to walk that slowly ?
the country ’ s infrastructure remains woeful , as any visitor flying into an indian airport notices .	the country 's infrastructure is still woeful , as anyone who arrives at india 's airport will find out .
`` punish you ? '' it repeated on a rising note .	`` punished ? '' he repeated , adding questioningly , `` how ? ''
where is the loyalty , man ?	what happened to loyalty , mate ?
twisted the wrist palm-out and walked left and bent the arm back against the elbow joint .	he turned his wrist palm upward , stepped aside and bent his arm in a looping joint .
here we have george nystrom .	this is george nyström .
he says i 'll go to jail for helping agostino !	i 'm going to help agostinovido prison !
it 's better than going to jail for heresy .	you 'll be better than prison .
silly king . i 'm sorry , ex-king !	stupid king ... oh , sorry , more like a former king !
not even a dress ?	no clothes at all ?
is tapley in there ?	he 's inside tapley ?
if you 've no money on you , you'il cry tears big as october cabbages .	and if you do n't have money now , you 'll be ronin 'with tears .
birdee : would you like sugar or cream with that or are you okay ?	do you want sugar or milk in it or is it okay ?
she handed over the chart which showed his current vitals .	she handed him a card showing the current vital signs .
a man finally gets tired . -	and eventually the man got tired .
using his tooth brush .	he used his toothbrush .
the tv was on .	there was a television set .
foreign labor is a threat to my guys ' jobs .	foreign work will endanger my people 's work .
the thought of having to kill a potentially innocent bystander pushed rapp away from one tactic and toward another .	the idea of killing potentially innocent was forcing rappa in turn to contemplate all sorts of tactics .
'one hundred dollars should more than cover it ? ' he said .	'i think a hundred dollars would have a lot to cover , did n't it ? 'he laughed .
my butt 's numb .	my ass is dying .
it was dressed in ratskin trousers but was bare above the waist , apart from two bandoliers that criss-crossed its chest .	she was dressed in her jeans from a rat 's skin , from her waist up , her waist naked , and her chest was crisscrossed by two bandales .
oh , this face , this face !	look at that face !
what is a wombats ?	what are vombats at all ?
got remarried to an anesthesiologist last month .	last month she married some anaesthetist .
there you go , girls .	here 's your girls .
that it did not spread out to all sides was due entirely to the mass of shadows kulp saw assailing its edges - and being destroyed in the effort .	for the fact that she had not broken into all sides , she could have seen the flesh of the shadows attacking its margins - and they were destroyed .
oh , i pulled them off .	now i 've thrown them off !
before these troubles began was emily a happy girl ?	before the problems , did emily feel happy ?
finally ginger couldn ’ t contain her impatience any longer and hurried over .	finally , ginger could not tame her impatience and began to rush .
the party is in here .	there 's a party .
the black thing advanced a step , slow and certain , dead eyes staring .	the dark creature stepped forward , slowly and sure , and stared at his dead eyes .
you want to put a real signature in a false confession ?	you want my autograph signed under false testimony ?
and we 're gon na be okay .	everything will be fine .
this ca n't be undone .	it 's impossible .
you have caused us many problems !	you 've caused us a lot of trouble .
78 furthermore , such an interpretation finds support in the court ’ s case-law .	78 that interpretation is , moreover , supported by the case-law of the court of justice .
we 've had reports of destruction , massacre .	we have a report on destruction , massacres .
must we translate ? ''	should it be translated ? ``
do n't you ever follow me again .	and never watch me again !
emergency in sickbay ! ''	state of emergency at marodce ! ``
i 'm going to swim in the water .	i 'll go for a swim .
who shall say to the wife of menowgua that the fishes have his scalp , and that his nation have not taken revenge !	who dares to tell wife menowel 's wife that his scalp was given fish and that his fellow fighters did not avenge him ?
so i guess i just wanted to come and see for myself .	so i thought i 'd take a look at it myself .
the boosters are behind us a hundred percent .	they 're 100 % behind us .
i think it might be therapeutic for you two ... ... to sit down with someone and explore those conflicts .	maybe there would be therapy for both of you if you were to sit down and talk to someone about the conflicts .
it is not vital that these details come from the claimant itself and are to a certain extent just forwarded by the court .	it is not decisive that this information comes from the applicant itself , and the court merely refutes them in its own way .
i suppose he is , but ... what makes soldiers great is hateful to me .	i guess they 're right , but ... ... what good soldiers are characterised i hate .
this has definitely not been my day .	i certainly do n't have my day today .
seems like new york would offer lots of interesting cases . ”	as it seems , new york does n't offer too many interesting cases. ``
deep sobbing broke from its trunk ... as though some locked creature was struggling to escape .	there was a deep sound from the bowels of his trunk , as if the trapped creature was seeking an escape .
excellent ! ..for the marmidons .	good ! ... for malmydoñans .
the barge master 's voice cut the air as he shouted for the slaves to cast off the dock lines .	the air was cut by the voice of the captain of the ship , shouting at the slaves , to release the rope-bearing ship to the shore .
he complains publicly about his talents being underused . '	he 's publicly complained that his talents are not useful enough. ``
daddy got mad at the man .	daddy was angry with the master .
he was only joking .	she was just kidding .
it 's not just me who 's sometimes cruel for no reason ... ?	so i 'm not the only one who 's cruel at times ?
too many recursive usercommands , aborting .	for mange recursive brukerkommandoer , avbryter .
now we are approaching the mouth of the enkere .	now we 're getting close to enker 's mouth .
i apologize for making you shower without any explanations .	i 'm sorry you had to bathe without an explanation .
i do n't -- powerless ?	i 'm not ... helpless ?
i am here alone .	i 'm on my own .
fighter shuttle 5 from the triumph is disabled by enemy fire ; pilot recovery now in progress . ''	triumph 's battle vessel five is damaged by enemy gunfire ; the pilot is recovering from an intervention. ``
life 's work , skipper .	lifetime job ... captain !
i just came in my panties and i 'm a squirter , honey !	i just made my way into my pants .
i mean , part of it was to repress political enemies .	that is , in part , the suppression of political enemies --
the council treats the passages collectively , addressing first the allegation with regard to prohibition of discrimination and second the alleged inadequacy of reasoning .	the council addresses these parts in aggregate , bearing in the first place an argument concerning the non-discrimination and secondly , the alleged failure to state reasons .
the -- the united states government says that in this factory here you were making chemical weapons .	the us government claims to have produced chemical weapons in this factory , is it true ?
taking the morning aer lingus '' ?	are we going with aer lingus ?
this is one night this town ai n't ever gon na forget about .	on this night , this city will not be forgotten .
but the error was not theirs alone .	but it was n't just their fault .
take every precaution to prevent their escape .	take all precautions to keep them from escaping .
an other possibility is they were placed there with religious intent .	another option : they were laid there for religious reasons .
is it some kind of spirit commander ?	is that a ghost , commander ?
i really got ta be going .	i have to go .
he could see that she was staring in his direction without seeing him .	he could see his eyes turning to him , but he could not see him .
„i was confident that six czech names would find their places in top ten .	`` i believed six czech names might emerge in the first ten .
because of this , king antors already seriously outnumbered force was steadily whittled down by surprise attacks directed at the rear of his army .	even so , the weak army of king antor continued to diminish the surprising attacks carried out into the back of his vocation .
somebody ought to write to their mp about this dump .	someone should write about this shit for mps .
laddie cocked an eye towards gaspode , who nodded almost imperceptibly .	laddie 's eyes turned to gaspode , and he nodded .
whatever there was has been exhausted .	what we had was already exhausted .
ices has advised that the most appropriate conservation measures for these species would be based on effort limitation and reduction .	according to ices advice , the most appropriate measures to maintain these species should consist in reducing and reducing fishing effort .
the measure was therefore found , on a preliminary basis , to confer a selective advantage on those power generators .	therefore , the commission provisionally found that the measure meant selective advantages for the mentioned producers of electricity .
lori came after him and grabbed his shoulders .	lori followed behind him , grabbing him by the shoulders .
latvija sanofi-aventis latvia sia tel : +371 67 33 24 51	norge sanofi-aventis norge as tlf : + 47 67 10 71 00
that guy 's a total jackass .	the boy is a total idiot .
trivial inconsistencies were pounced upon as proof of treachery , minor lapses in memory as proof of deceit .	banal discrepancies served as a pretext for loud accusations of betrayal , tiny blackouts of memory were interpreted as evidence of fraudulent conduct .
it 's ten minutes to three .	there will be three in 10 minutes .
okay , we 're gon na have to hide this bag .	all right , let 's hide this backpack .
i did n't think .	i 'm not thinking .
'who is leader here ? ' called waylander , in halting sathuli .	'who 's leading the way ? 'he called out , somewhat broken in sathulse .
he had worn his finest dark blue bolo suit , maroon cape , and diplomat 's tricorne cap .	he was wearing his best navy blue suit , red cape and a three-year diplomatic hat .
the number of posts available is roughly 300 .	there are approximately 300 jobs available .
they 're taking a risk and so am i .	they take risks , but so do i .
since materials will account for [ … ] % of costs of wind tower production , no additional hedging policy is considered necessary for this activity .	since the material will represent [ ... ] % of the cost of production of steel structures , this activity does not require any additional security .
'i ai n't done nothing ! ' spindle growled .	'i 'm not doing anything ! 'said vashten .
rent on the flat .	that 's for rent .
the fly stopped washing its legs and took off .	the fly had washed her feet and flew away .
keeping a bunch of pimply 17-year-old kids from groping each other all night is like torture .	all night to keep an eye out for 17-year-old kids with rashes leaving them out like torture .
( shamie ) man . someone will see you . you crazy slut . you .	come on , somebody 's gon na see you crazy bitch .
when you reel him in through the water , his little legs and tail wiggle like he was swimming .	when it 's water , these legs and tail are as thick as they swim .
he 's gon na get you killed for sure .	i 'm sure they 'll kill you for it .
they attacked the police as bent on framing an innocent scapegoat and the original defense lawyers as incompetent .	they assaulted the police that she was involved in a plot against an innocent , and the original counsel was accused of incompetence .
that 's way outside the approved frequency for u.s. carriers .	this frequency is far out of range for american carriers .
so as each new dish is served , a new topic of discussion will be introduced .	so all new meals are submitted and new topics to discuss were presented .
no . the man banged out script after script , movie after movie .	the man literally blamed the screenplay for the screenplay , the film for the film .
've must make haste , mr lipvig !	'we have to hurry , mr lipwig !
true to his word , klystron the impaler laboriously reversed direction by gripping his staff and making a five-point turn , then paused for a rest .	as klystron napier said he did so ; he clenched his staff , laboring his way through a complicated twist and pausing to rest .
i 'm gon na assume mental illness .	i 'll assume you 're mentally ill .
that 's the one i saw .	i 've seen this .
if she said that she wanted to be my bitch or ho she talks so fucked up that it gets on my nerves .	if she says she wants to be my whore or something i 'm really sick of her .
i am so sorry , mrs long , i will just switch that ...	i 'm sorry , mrs. long , i thought i turned it off .
i do n't really feel so good .	i 'm not feeling very well .
in the light of these circumstances , manufacturers are obliged to redefine their equipment for each market .	this situation is forcing the manufacturer to redesign his products for each contract .
yeah . soldier ants . yeah .	yes , the ants .
is this not america ?	are n't we in america ?
and many thanks , i 'm sure .	and thank you very much .
not if they wan na keep the head in the vicinity of the shoulders . right ?	not if he wants to keep his head near his shoulders , ok ?
literally , `` bat out of hell. ``	literally `` bat from hell . ''
do they smell odd ?	does he smell funny ?
the medicinal and chemical odors of the impsec hq clinic still gave miles unpleasant fluttering sensations in his belly .	from a medical and chemical smell at the impsec hq , miles was still uncomfortably rocking .
ok ? it 's all gon na be all right .	everything will be fine .
jack fuckin ' twist .	jack , goddamn it !
as beautiful as she is faithful .	she 's beautiful , just like she 's loyal .
it could be a vital key .	this can be decisive .
- is that all they fight for ?	are they only fighting for this ?
dad does n't allow guests in the house .	daddy does n't like visitors at home .
you were gon na have us raise it ?	did you want us to raise him two ?
someone has to hang !	someone 's got ta be hanged !
gollum lay quiet and tried no further tricks .	gollum lay quietly , and he did not attempt any other pieces .
ks= 0.45 in term infants to 1 year old ; ks= 0.55 in children to less than 13 years and in adolescent female ; ks= 0.7 in adolescent male	ks = 0,45 for unaccompanied infants within 1 year of age ; ks = 0.55 for children under 13 years and adolescents ;
these are our most precious jewels .	this is our most valuable jewelry .
which hotel is he staying at ?	what hotel does he live in ?
demons i interrogated , they must have been lying about their true intentions .	the demons i interviewed had to lie to me about my true intentions .
tatty , matted , disfiguring hair !	mutinous , smouldering , humid ochre .
atmosphere poisoned , water vaporized , all the land fused . ''	the air is poisonous , and the water has evaporated , and the earth has sparked. ``
an enormous cadillac . does that sound right ?	does he have a nice sound ?
larry , are we going to make it to the island ?	and will we get on that island ?
we 're sitting here and we 're eating and we 're talking ... ... but no one 's actually saying anything .	we sit , we eat , we talk , and we do n't say anything .
it was an error .	and that was a mistake .
my bookie ai n't operating at 50 percent .	my bet is 50 % not working .
a simple show of allegiance .	simply show me loyalty .
say something to mummy ...	tell your mom something , shengnan .
it crashed before it smashed .	he collapsed before he broke .
however , the ongoing financial turmoil necessitates an improvement of the coverage .	but continued financial unrest requires better coverage .
hey . who is that kid ?	hey , who 's the guy ?
the smoke of the burning stung the eyes , bit into the nostrils .	smoke billowing from the fires in his eyes and nostrils .
locklear leaned over the neck of his horse as an arrow flew past him .	the arrow flashed past locklear 's head , and he dropped quickly to the horse 's throat .
sometimes the situation requires that we hold the hand of our enemy .	sometimes situations require us to shake hands with the enemy .
your boys had already beaten him senseless .	your boys were knocked unconscious anyway .
i can offer none at this time .	now i ca n't offer any .
and prayers are with peggy kenter ...	and we 're praying for peggy kenter --
introduced to the other traditional eu country resolution tabled jointly with japan on the	resolution concerning individual countries that the eu presented together with japan
the heavy metal is great . the punk shit sucks .	heavy metal rules , all that shit 's worth shit .
because otherwise , neither you nor any of your crew ... are going to get out of this alive .	otherwise , no one else will be from your crew ... you wo n't be able to make it alive .
so in either scenario , in either strategy , you 're going to get more myosin heads working .	whether you use one or two strategies , you 'll be able to work more of myozino heads .
they have however no impact on the trend shown in table 4 .	however , it does not affect trends resulting from table 4 .
is there a change of seasons on your planet ?	has any of the planet 's status changed ?
he 'll speak turin dialect instead of neapolitan !	he speaks in turin dialect and not naples !
`` it 's all going wrong , watson -- all as wrong as it can go .	`` everything has gone wrong , watson - everything has gone wrong in the worst way .
lord , take us not to task if we forget or make mistake .	sir , do n't blame us if we 've forgotten or wrong !
what does s.c.b . mean ?	what is a sbom ?
that 's bad parenting !	you 're bad parents .
the agency will inform the holder and member states concerned ( if applicable ) .	the agency shall inform the holders and , where appropriate , the members concerned .
there was an obstacle to mr. rivers plan .	mr. rivers ' plan prevented one thing ...
that girl gets me crazy !	the woman is crazy !
what harm is there in these letters ?	what 's so wrong with those letters ?
common binding rules are therefore necessary for member states to handle and reimburse these genuine unfit euro coins .	therefore , member states necessarily need binding rules on the handling of ineligible euro coins and their revaluations .
this completes 13 parts ?	is that the 13th part ?
fbl 's right on top of you .	the fbi is right over you .
great whites are found in all temperate seas , but one of the world ’ s biggest populations is off south australia .	white sharks occur in all the seas of a mild belt , but the largest population is located on the shores of southern australia .
when you love somebody , you love them .	if you like someone , you like him .
i 've got a winner here .	i have to win this .
go on up to bed .	go upstairs and get some sleep .
rhombur moved another game piece as they discussed troop movements and weaponry .	rhombur shifted his next figure during the debate about troop movements and weapons .
i reinforce this in my design for their training .	i 'm strengthening that as well with my training plan .
nobody took him from me .	no one took it .
i want five of 'em in a row . - five ? both :	five on the road .
who cut the stone ?	who beeped that rock ?
it carried on through folded passages , bisecting rooms , halls , even stairs .	there was a winding passageway , broken chambers , corridors , even a staircase .
i 'll go to sleep then	i 'm going to bed .
but when a system is working smoothly ...	still , if any system works smoothly ...
i was happy to get the call .	i 'm glad you called .
what 's your opinion ?	what do you think ?
assume attack positions .	take an offensive position .
watch your step , lieutenant colonel ...	watch where you 're going , colonel .
'that task should be mine , ' seneschal jorrude said .	`` the job should come to me , '' said seneshal jorrude .
at the close of our symposium doctor berankova is going to demonstrate the results achieved in her research .	at the end of our symposia , he will show the docent of berman 's results of his research .
he ca n't come to any harm . he 'll find his own way back .	nothing will happen to him and he will find his way home .
lithium will ignite and burn when exposed to water and water vapors in oxygen .	lithium ignites and burns when it gets in touch with water or air moisture
jacob started pacing along the rocks .	jacob began to pace the stones .
we continue the interrogation of the prisoners ...	we 're continuing to interview prisoners ...
a truly great man .	a really big man !
everything is a contest .	it 's all a competition .
he 's trying to bring down the mountain !	he wants to put a mountain on us !
you were n't alive anywhere like you were there .	nowhere else did you feel as alive as here .
orion corporation orionintie 1/a fi-02200 espoo finland	vitabalans oy varastokatu 8 13500 hämeenlinna finland
also nearby there crouched a large , gray warbeast , a catlike creature bigger than a man , who hummed an intelligent warning growl at ben .	next to them was a large , grey , warlike animal that snarled at ben threateningly .
if it is n't my gender-gentle anderhummels and the autistically feisty lopierces .	i wonder if they 're my gentle-sex anderhummelsovi . and autistic-daring lopierces .
the precious daughters , megan and bridgette ... - mother ?	to my beloved wife linda , sweet daughters , megan 's e bridgette ...
i 've been romantic with all the races .	i 'm a romantic , regardless of race .
sergeant yerk will shoot captain kizno , lt. groit and myself ... ... along with these three soldiers .	if you control lieutenant groite , sergeant yerk shoots captain kizo , lieutenant groite and me .
well you 've already fucked someone before , have n't you ?	did you fuck anyone before or not ?
i 'll put down some traps .	i 'll set up a trap .
`` do n't know .	`` i have no idea .
tonight , you will sleep '' ... ''	you 're going to sleep tonight .
i knew people were spying on us .	i knew he was a spy .
hey , man ... i do n't think they 'll teach burroughs at catholic school .	look , there 's not going to be a catholic school for burroughs .
a year ago . it was just after that that your father went missing .	before he disappeared ... ... your father was last year .
m k1d win htway hlaing son of maj-gen ( retired )	win hlainga , the representative of kum m k2a plk .
one can never really relax	a man can never be calm !
we get drinks after , yell at the ref , it 's fun !	then we go for a drink , we yell at the referee .
you 've got ta get out of the city .	you have to leave town .
hey , ell , 10 bucks says trevor sleeps through the night .	elle , i 'll bet you ten bucks that trevor will sleep all night .
let 's find out how the other half sleeps .	i 'll see how he sleeps on another half .
five hours off the reservation and i show thirty percent drain .	after five hours , 30 % .
enedina 's going to take our picture for a souvenir .	he 'll take a picture of us in memory .
minus thirty-three , zero .	minus 33 is 0 .
johnny 's gon na hold at first .	johnny will be holding first base .
la virgin de guadalupe .	the holy virgin of guadalope .
you have agent 's ethics . i ca n't go byyou .	an agent 's ethics are not for me .
mitch is coming at seven .	mitch comes in around 7 : 00 .
it grew quicker and quicker , and louder and louder , every instant .	second by second she was beating faster and faster , harder and harder .
let 's just wait to see if he answers .	we 'll wait for him to answer .
it 's already charred !	they 're burned !
get my coat , son .	take my clothes , boy !
case t-16/96 cityflyer v commission [ 1998 ] ecr ii-575 , paragraph 52 .	the judgment in westdeutsche landesbank , t-228 and 233 / 99 [ 2003 ] ecr 2003 , p .
when it was all gone , i would be heading for my boat .	when all this is over , i 'm going back to my ship .
drew a nice picture with a nice bird hanging off kyle 's forehead , mkay ?	a handsome picture of a bird sitting on his forehead .
what do you think it means ?	what does that mean ?
we got ta stop letting brady come into our bed .	brady has to stop coming to bed with us .
every parent thinks their child is above average .	all parents think their kids are overweight .
key issues for 2008 include -	the main themes for 2008 are :
you 're good at it , professor !	all right , professor .
you got any suggestions ?	do you have a suggestion ?
why does not this display ?	why is n't the screen working ?
show the key element stitch count column	show a column with a key number of stitches
italian food cooked up by a bunch of mexican ai n't so special , rocko !	italian food is no specialty for a bunch of mexicans .
were n't you protesting some hunter gun thing yesterday ?	you did n't protest hunting last night ?
i do n't frighten easily .	i 'm not so easy .
dragonettes existed in shejidan .	the dragonets were even in shaitan .
what 's our conjugate base concentration going to be ?	what will the concentration of conjugated politics be ?
we 're going to eat and tell fun stories about your mom .	we will eat and remember happy tales with your mother .
as they increasingly understand digital technologies	with more and more of the digital technology
then they are no longer in the alliance ?	so they 're not allies anymore ?
they 're planning something .	they have a plan .
checking the cell structure .	control of the cellular structure !
we could sit in a bench , but\n'no jews allowed on public benches '' .	we ca n't sit on the bench because it 's forbidden for jews .
there 's mr. yellow sheets !	here 's mr yellow 's sheet .
'the rest was for my lunch - except i 'm not sure now that i feel like eating !	`` i wanted to eat the rest - but now i 've lost all my appetite !
playing to four .	we play by 4 .
his alibi does not check out . the bread guy never saw him .	no alibi checked out , the baker did n't see him .
i make a nice mango cream pudding .	i made an impeccable mango creamy pudding
any comparison with silent partnership contributions could be ruled out across the board .	in all cases , a comparison with a silent partnership was excluded .
they were the eyes of one who knows exactly what swords are for .	they belonged to a man who knew exactly what his sword was for .
sweetie , those people actually died .	honey ... they actually really died .
but it 's the songline ceremony tonight .	this evening is a purifying ceremony .
you are very sexy today .	you look really hot .
because any more than that would create a core instability .	the excess would cause the instability of the nucleus .
you fired me .	they kicked me out !
so , what are we concluding ?	what 's the conclusion ?
father andre says it 's wrong to have more than one wife .	father andre said there could only be one woman .
shut that damn mouth of yours .	shut the hell up .
it combines the various provisions in force in a logical manner and makes them clearer , and thus does not pose any major problem .	rationally , it combines the individual provisions that are so much clearer and therefore poses no fundamental problem .
as well as your front .	and the front too .
hi , honey ! welcome home !	hello , baby . welcome home .
sara stopped breathing , lest any other sound break the extraordinary consonance .	sarah held her breath away , so that no further sound was broken by this extraordinary noise .
who will lead us now in this deadly dark ? '	who will carry us through the mortal darkness now ? ``
chief officer lee is n't going to like it .	commander lei 's not gon na like this .
though why someone of your stature would be interested in a small-town monarch such as myself is a mystery to me .	although i 'm puzzled as to why someone in your position interests a small sovereign like mine .
the seeker ! ” bevier exclaimed .	'search ! 'bevier shouted .
if thy mind have power , put that power into the word , and that which thou dost desire shall come to pass .	if your mind is endowed with power , insert this power into words and what you wish will happen .
they'il discover it monday .	they 'll find out monday .
this will be fine .	it 'll be okay .
now what do we do ?	what are you doing ?
i 've got another forty sugar plantations just like this one .	i still have 40 of those sugar plantations .
yeah ? - sorry about the fight .	i 'm sorry for fighting .
everything was fine when you were winning .	when we win , it 's all right .
no , we ca n't .	it 's not possible .
`` why is she scheduled for premature demise ? ''	`` why does he have to die prematurely ? ''
and jacob begat judas and his brethren .	jim judas , and his brothers ,
you have refused to do so , therefore you have already broken the conditions .	you rejected that , that 's why you broke the condition .
see , when he says things like that to me , it makes me anxious .	if he tells me something like that , then i 'm nervous .
we ai n't done yet .	but we 're not finished .
i am very handsome .	i 'm really cute .
final count ... ... 42 .	final number - forty-two .
they learned its habits ... when he sleeps , what time the parents come in to feed ...	they were taught his habit of sleeping when his parents came to feed ...
`` you assume there is a flame disc ? ''	`` do you think the plastic disk exists ? ''
have you got a pension yet ?	are you already on your pension ?
'you have until eight o'clock tonight .	`` you only have until 8 p.m .
i made a promise to her . - because they tapped into your own . they did .	i promised her something ... . 'cause they match yours .
long stories to have beer by .	that 's a long story for beer .
it 'll be distributed nationally tomorrow , and online reservation starts midnight today	the sale starts tomorrow and online booking is possible today at midnight .
can you get us out of here in 30 seconds ?	do we leave within 30 seconds ?
i was quite sure that anne protheroe had had no pistol with her since miss marple had said so .	then , when miss marple told me , i was absolutely sure that anna protheroe did not have the gun .
it 's dog all together .	everything is under the dog .
that is not my gun , and i have no idea how it got in my truck .	i do n't know how she got into my car .
i did n't ask your opinion .	i 'm not asking you for an opinion .
do n't worry , sweetie .	no fear , baby .
this is absolutely amazing .	it 's absolutely great .
this is amazing !	that 's great !
you know these kids ? know 'em ?	do i know them ?
just this - that 's all there is ...	it 's just ... it 's all here .
you got ta start handling your healing on your own .	you 'll have to take care of your recovery yourself .
hostages are in there .	there 's a hostage .
might i inquire if you are the dr. seward ... whose sanitarium is at whitby ?	i 'm sorry to ask , but are you dr. seward , who has a sanatorium in whitby ?
you 're wrong . the problem lies not within northern or southern fist .	no , it 's not a problem of northern or southern style .
pretty girl is n't she !	this is a good-looking girl .
no surprise there .	i 'm not surprised .
you are my friend ?	yes , i 'm your friend .
beatthe shit outta him !	beat the crap out of him !
forgot something else too , you bastard !	and another thing , you son of a bitch .
something terribly exciting is about to happen .	there 's something exciting going on .
no one thought to watch the clear morning skies until they heard a faint whistle growing quickly into a howl .	it never occurred to anyone to look at the bright morning sky until they heard the faint whistling rising rapidly in the howling .
what 's the lesson to be learned here ?	what lessons have you learned now ?
dolopichthys danae regan , 1926 »	acipenser linnaeus , 1758
which would be heading you to some very serious prison time .	that will guarantee you prison for a very long time .
the opposition shall not be treated as duly entered until the opposition fee has been paid .	the objections shall be deemed to be duly filed after the lodging of the opposition charge .
so halfway in between is 150 .	there 's 150 in the middle .
( general safety of goods – community rapid alert system for food and feed – claim for compensation )	`` general product safety - a timely exchange of information for community food - actions for damages ''
you thought i was marrying bonnie ? yep .	did you think i want to marry bonnie ?
i 'm not saying that energy 's bad .	i do n't say the energy is bad .
for the last few weeks .	a couple of weeks .
how 's williams gon na explain this ?	what does williams want to explain ?
at a workstand toward the center , sundoc leaned over a piece of equipment .	at the desk in the center of the room stood sundoc , leaning against an apparatus .
his hand closed over hers , and they drew close together , shivering in the chill , sunlit darkness .	his hand tightened - they clung to each other , trembling with the cold , pouring through the darkness .
i 'm actually transferring schools there next year .	i 'm moving to school for another year .
this is a client , you know that .	it 's a customer .
leave him to me !	get him out of here !
dom 's home phone is not answering , either .	dom does n't even answer his phone .
their blank expressions did n't change .	their empty and rigid expressions were unchanged .
and yes , your friend seemed to have a similar nature .	oh , yes , it seems like your girlfriend is the same .
got somethin ' in yr eye , hugo ?	do you have anything in hugo 's eye ?
then the shuttle had immediately departed , unnerving even the adults by its swift disappearance .	the shuttle then flew away , disappearing so quickly that adults were nervous .
please note that it is not possible to monitor the progress of your application online .	we would like to point out that your application can not be monitored online .
this is only gon na get worse .	it 's getting worse .
this is n't torture , okay ?	it 's not torture .
he might be in wholly alien territory - but at least he was over land .	it was completely alien to the territory , but at least above the solid ground .
excuse me , why arrest a drug dealer ?	i 'm sorry , but what are the arrests for drug dealers ?
there would be no sleep .	he 's not going to sleep tonight .
not many or lots ?	little or a lot ?
-and yet not too many , either .	and yet there are n't so many .
vice president agnew resigned today ... ... after pleading no contest to a charge of income tax evasion .	vizepresident agnew resigned today , without disputing the accusation of tax cutting .
nobody will ever replace your dad , honey .	no one 's going to replace your father .
i wo n't do anything of the sort .	i 'm not gon na do anything like that .
seen but not heard .	to see you , but they did n't hear .
so , as we are climbing the tree ,	so it 's like climbing a tree
baruk would never be such a fool as to task you with anything - except grunt work . '	baruk would never do such a silly thing to put you in charge of a job - except grumbling. ``
626 villages in byelorussia were burnt to the ground with all their inhabitants	628 villages in belarus were burned to ashes , with all residents .
with your dad to a very urgent matter .	your father and i have very urgent matters .
do you think i 'm crazy ?	do you have a fool for me ?
yeah , you 're right .	yes , that 's true .
why , because dating is forbidden too ?	why ? am i banned from dating ?
you 're dying fast .	you will die soon .
this is catherine sakaiof the earth survey ship sky-	here 's catherine sakaiz of the earth ship sky ... ... from the earth ship skydiver .
this girl literally reformed her bones . - it 's her .	that girl literally changed the structure of her bone .
that shit is nasty .	it 's disgusting .
everybody waan ' go heaven , ... ..but nobody want dead .	everyone wants to go to heaven , but nobody wants to die .
did many respond ? ''	did you get a lot of answers ? ``
think of it . ten billion robots ... ... each one needing an oil change every 3000 miles .	think - 10 billion robots and everyone has to swap oil for 5,000 kilometres
i ’ ll call in a few hours and see if you ’ re home . ”	i 'll call back in a couple of hours if you 're not home. ``
oh you are shitting me ...	you 're kidding me .
but ai n't nobody gon na win .	yeah , but no one wins .
it is very scientific .	it 's based on science .
my little grandson i never knew about .	my little grandchild i did n't know !
so there are 18 seconds to go .	so-turned 18 seconds into the end .
i had to create safeguards to make sure that this never happened again .	i 'm making guarantees to make sure it does n't happen again .
the code does n't work !	the code 's not working .
i used to clean their house .	i cleaned them up at the house .
you have to reserve these things weeks in advance .	it has to be booked weeks ahead .
capricious ... brilliant .	whimsical and genius .
excuse me for asking , but are you speaking from experience or ...	i 'm sorry to ask , but do you speak from your own experience ?
who makes out with their wife ?	who 's cheating on your wife ?
abrasions on his chest are consistent with being dragged beneath the van .	the abrasions on her chest caused her to get stuck under a truck .
it 's got one of those tiny little faces that you have to be young to see .	they have such a small digit to see only young .
valya auntie valya is dead .	valya teticek valja died .
well , the universe sends us spirit guides . sometimes they speak to us through small children . they often appear as animals .	the universe gives us a spiritual guide sometimes speaking to us by using young children or appearing in the form of animals .
a girl from another class was stalked by him .	he snuck up on one girl in another class .
see ya , gorgeous .	take care , beautiful .
you 're not needed here .	there 's no need for you .
let 's go wait for your daddy to call .	we 'll be waiting for your father 's phone .
that is a technicality !	it 's a formality !
the whole delicate balance is between these two dimensions :	it 's a precision balance between two things :
and everybody knows that ai n't so .	everyone knows it 's not .
drizzt slipped to the corner of the next inter- section and peeked around .	drizzt crawled to the nearest corner and peered out from behind him .
you belong to a wasteful society .	it belongs to an uneconomical society .
but we were fighting a demon ...	yeah , but we have to fight the demons .
not sure what i 'm doing .	but i do n't know exactly what to do .
'except he 's not hearing from them , ' neagley said .	'except they ca n't hear it , 'neagley said .
so tonight , your challenge is to cook three cuts of steak three different ways .	you 'll do three steaks in three different ways in today 's challenge .
he says let 's go drinking when i 'm back in kokura	he said we 'd go for a drink when i get back to cocourse .
but no , ten young children were following her .	oh , no , she 's got ten kids .
my car 's here .	i have the car .
and nobody would pick me up .	and no one wanted to take me .
just please come see me at your earliest convenience .	please visit me as soon as possible .
ukraine - kiev former military airbase - zhulyany	ukraine - kyjev bice basis - žuljans
and then suddenly that little man in here started working on me .	and then all of a sudden , the little guy inside started working .
not only half human like this .	i do n't want to be half human .
wan na take a look see ?	you want to look ?
you wo n't escape punishment .	your punishment will not pass .
select various dispersed cells	the selection of several non-adjacent cells
let 's start with an exponential function .	we begin exponential functions .
rosin is commonly used on a rider 's glove to enhance the bull rope grip .	kalafuna is normally used on riding gloves to increase the grip of the towing cable .
i do n't usually cry until much later in the evening .	i usually cry a lot late at night .
a nearly full moon rose over the mountains and threw a trembling glade across lake louise .	the moon sailed over the mountains , drawing closer to the moon and dawn on lake louise .
we got ta hit that party !	we have to go to the party !
article 23 requirement for an alert to be entered 1 .	article 23 request for the insertion of a recording 1 .
his russian was pretty good .	he spoke russian fairly well .
somebody should have been watching you .	someone should keep an eye on you .
she was a man back then and a retired commander , terran military forces .	he used to be a man and retired officer of the earth 's armed forces .
it is quite urgent .	it 's an emergency .
have you heard from the kids ?	did you hear about the boys ?
so , another five on this week 's rent .	so you 'll add five to my weekly rent .
only try me . ’	just try me. ``
so you get to choose who lives and who dies .	so you 're gon na pick who 's alive and who 's gon na die ?
my engine is in trouble .	i have engine problems .
you 're not being sincere .	it does n't sound very sincere .
100,000 rupees , then .	a hundred thousand rupees .
i promise you it 's gon na be okay .	i swear everything will be fine .
have a seat wherever you like .	sit anywhere you want .
especially in the absence of authorized versions , « tom replied .	especially when there 's no official version , `` tom replied .
‘ on each tiernsday for seven weeks you had hidden in that spot and watched me work .	`` you 've been hiding out there for seven weeks , you 've been hiding out there , watching me at work .
-- xavier harkonnen , comment to his men por days , tercero xavier harkonnen stayed up late work-jl ing on defensive plans for the league .	xavier harvennen in the foreign governing mussim tercero xavier harkonnen spent a few days long into the night and worked on the defensive plans of the league .
mouth is not gon na fall for that .	mouth does n't fall into it .
the game 's not till 7:00 .	the game wo n't start until 7 : 00 .
but as for blonde or brown , i ca n't say !	but if she 's blonde or brunette ?
as in israeli army ?	like the israeli military and everything ?
'this is a long chance , vanion , ' sparhawk said somberly . .	'it 's too risky , vanion , 'sparhawk said grimly .
so , how 's it feeling ?	how do you feel ?
it 's coarse .	this is rude .
yeah . glad i had it .	i 'm happy for him .
big claws closed on his shoulders ; warm red meat breathed in his face .	sharp claws dug into his shoulder , and the smell of red meat wafted into his face .
among the pallbearers at his funeral ... were early western movie stars ...	among those carrying his coffin were the then rangy westerners movie stars ,
it is an issue of status .	it 's a problem situation .
apparently , he just checked his e-mail until henry arrived .	he was just checking his e-mails into henry 's arrival .
have n't killed anyone , if that 's what you 're asking .	i did n't kill anyone if you asked about this .
do you wan na make him a wee cup of cocoa ?	you still want to brew him some cocoa ?
that young lady 's gettin ' a little worried .	the young lady is beginning to worry .
the soviets would never risk going to war ... ... when we have a walking nuclear deterrenton our side .	the soviets will not risk war if there is a live nuclear weapon behind us .
maybe its name is foreman .	his name 's foreman ?
appendix a. setting up .xinitrc/.xsession	appendix a. settings .xinitrc / .xsession
good lord , no .	oh , my god .
yeah , there is .	yes , they are .
i wan na hear out of you are wedding vows .	the only thing i want to hear from you is a wedding promise .
taking a piss again ?	do you have to pee again ?
i thought that stupid culper descendant book might 've caused you to go dark .	i thought the silly book about culper 's offspring could cause you to be sidelined .
some ibm machines for the hydrodynamics .	any devices from ibm to hydrodynamics .
it 's all pretty solid creepy .	all of this is pretty scary .
i 'm taking him .	i 'll take it .
looks like b is in for some hair gum of her own .	looks like b. can look forward to his own gum .
tesshin kamiesu chained sickle ,	cfp on kamiesa tensshin , okinawa kobudo
'such terrible energies i have witnessed . '	`` i 've seen such terrible waves of energy . ''
'keep your eyes where they belong , ' ehlana murmured to sparhawk .	'look where you 're going , 'ehlana whispered to sparhawk .
my x button does n't work .	the x button is not working .
the draft did that to your face ?	he made a proposal with his face ?
nothing much changed except some people got killed that nobody 's ever gon na miss .	nothing much has changed , except for the few killed people who wo n't be missed .
is a city is its people . my city .	it 's your town , your people .
whether he received the message is another story .	if he got a message , he 's different .
he was stealing from you , and trying to skim us .	he 's been robbing you and he 's tried for us .
the woods are just trees the trees are just wood	forests are only trees , trees are only trees .
someone with a history of mental disturbance , who 'd spent time inside an asylum and who may have suffered injuries at the hands of his victims .	someone mentally ill who was in a mental institution ... ... and the people who were killed could have hurt in the past .
i stood near groza , still holding my glock .	i was standing next to grozy and kept his glock in my hand .
we 're gon na meet again tomorrow .	i 'll see you tomorrow .
that i -- i 'd finally see .	i 'm finally going to understand .
`` alas , the first thing you ask me , i can not tell you .	`` unfortunately , i ca n't answer your first question .
what he saw were the flashes , turning the groundmist smoke into electric dragons .	he could see the flashes that changed the ground fog in the electric dragons .
i can not preciselypinpoint its location .	i ca n't pinpoint his location .
people wan na go on the internet and check out their friends ,	people want to go online and look at their friends .
tell him he 's not been forgotten .	tell him we do n't forget him .
furthermore , this difficult financial situation existed even though the company was benefiting from interest-free loans .	it can also be added that this difficult economic situation continued , although non-interest loans have been provided to the undertaking .
'you mean they 're not agatean pictograms ? '	'you wanted to say it was n't agatey pictograms .
probably took her to meet with her kids .	he must have taken her to her children .
pretty women , sir - pretty women , pretty women	all beautiful women !
i want to make a donation .	i 'd like to donate an organ .
thought you 'd have a larger ship .	we thought your ship would be bigger .
the true soul of belgium , madame .	a true belgian , madam ...
hardly any concrete steps had been taken towards achieving the programme objectives .	there were almost no concrete steps taken to achieve the programme targets .
you heard of anything ?	you know about something ?
it 's worthless now !	he 's useless now .
you know , i was always very good at keeping secrets .	i always did very well to keep a secret .
the fringed buckskin jerkin hung well , drawn in to his lean waist by a thick sword-belt .	the stag 's jerkin had fallen brilliantly , his thin waist circumcised with a broad sword belt .
burn him ! there 's been no murder .	it was n't murder .
the eyes are innocent .	they have an innocent look .
you exploit the young children .	you 're abusing little kids .
time moves slowly in the afternoons , ever more slowly as the hour of five approaches .	in the afternoon , time always takes a long time , passing slower , the closer the fifth hour approaches .
does she scare you ?	are you afraid of her ?
most witnesses were notoriously unreliable under the best of circumstances .	there is no reliance on most witnesses under the most ideal conditions .
this is n't a vote !	we do n't vote for that .
whas an ottendorf cipher ? they 're just codes .	what is otendorf 's cipher ?
yes , master . they say master sifo-dyas placed an order for a clone army ... at the request of the senate almost ten years ago .	he claims that he ordered the army master sifa-dyas from the senate 's mandate nearly a decade ago .
he 's gon na hit a knock-down seven .	it 's going to be hit knockout seven .
seems that way .	looks like it .
in our victims ' calendars .	on our victim 's calendar .
we could n't see anything .	there was nothing to see .
1b h350 ghs08 dgr h350 h hydrocarbons c 26-55 , arom-rich carc .	h302 ghs07 wng h302 613-155-00-x 5-chloro-2,3-difluoropyridine flam .
it was originally a hieroglyphic symbol which came from the view of the ass of a cat as it 's walking away from you .	he was originally a hieroglyph who climbed out of a cat 's butt ... just like he was coming out of yours .
this is nonsense .	it 's bullshit .
look . it loves it here .	look , she likes it !
you wan na set the forest on fire ?	you want to light the woods ?
at this point , the only thing keeping me going is my toothpaste art .	now it 's only my art with toothpaste that keeps me sane .
we must fly away , quickly , before he discovers i am here .	we have to leave quickly before they find out i 'm here .
okay , so if some crazy terrorist thinks that he 's right by blowing up innocent people ...	and when a crazy terrorist believes it 's good to blow up innocent people ,
we were doing a rough spell ...	we made a tough spell together .
on an aircraft company ? yes	in the airline company ?
no way that 's a natural phenomenon !	they ca n't be natural phenomena !
all right , i 'll go ask mike .	okay , i 'm going to see mike .
unfortunately , mario and enzo calvini are not known for their punctuality .	unfortunately , the premise is not the strong point of maria and enza calvini .
he has done the cupboard there .	he did this closet .
she said you needed a push . when someone 's scared , they need a friend to push them to overcome that fear .	if anyone is afraid of something , then he needs a friend to help overcome the fear .
i love your wife 's favourite spot .	your wife likes a really nice place ...
those hormones made you eat everything in sight ,	hormones make you eat whatever you come up with .
it 's my diagnostics posse .	this is my diagnostic squad .
with each new minute i strive to fill my seven new acts of duty still .	in every free moment , i try to meet my new seven responsibilities .
'do n't need telling , ' said vimes .	'you do n't have to tell us , 'said vimes .
how could he have survived a procedure like that ?	how would he survive such an operation ?
he is conan , cimmerian .	it 's a cymer conan .
i check in to the hotel so no one sees dick 's face .	then i 'll take the hotel room so nobody can see dick .
who is she ? madame de ferrussac , the wife of the head of police .	mrs. eerrussac , prefect 's wife .
but it is hard to see even the smallest indication of a more competitive supply side .	of course , we have much difficulty in seeing even the smallest indications of improving the competitiveness of the supply side .
some have been parthing all night .	some people were celebrating the whole night .
this sure has been fun ! goodbye !	it was good , bye-bye !
its regular rainfall and fertile soils mean that pasture grass grows uniformly from spring until autumn .	the punctuality of precipitation combined with crop yields gives assumptions to the uniformly steady growth of grasses in the spring to autumn .
printing works must have the complete current technical specifications necessary to produce euro banknotes when commencing production .	at the start of the production , the printer shall have the full technical specification necessary for the production of euro banknotes .
# the little old bird woman comes	an old bird 's wife .
drugs , extortion , gambling ; you name it .	gamblers , drugs , blackmail , and so forth .
what is it ? what happened ?	what 's going on ?
you 've got ta go home and sleep .	you have to get some sleep .
high star men would go into villages , take away peoples .	the high star men came to the villages and took different people from there .
this was not far away .	it has n't gone that far .
i really have no idea who they are .	i really do n't know who he is .
'you talk like a fool , ' colonel weissner said contemptuously .	`` do n't be silly , '' colonel weissner said scornfully .
there 's a 30 , 40 % chance she might pull through .	so on 30 to 40 percent it will survive .
isla floreana loomed steep and dark from a brilliant heaven .	isla florean loomed against the bright sky .
some woman left it here .	there 's a lady left .
get outta here , cahit !	get out of cahite !
is it comfy ?	are you comfortable ?
why say that ?	who says so ?
oh , winner take all .	the winner takes everything .
does it bother you that we have no social contract ?	do you mind that we do n't hold any social conventions ?
this is really important ...	`` it 's very important ...
go back to being robot captain .	be a robot again , captain .
it did n't seem at all suitable for sneaking into temples - caramon had visions of crawling through sewers or climbing over rooftops .	it seemed utterly unsuited for entering the temple ; caramon imagined creeping through the sewers or climbing the rooftops .
ed . they murdered six at sharon tate 's house then slaughtered the labiancas too .	they committed six murders in sharon tattoo 's house , and they killed labianca .
actos on its own was shown to be as effective as metformin and gliclazide .	actos alone demonstrated the same efficacy as metformin and gliklazid .
we will together bear 100 children .	we 'll have a hundred kids .
what if they go mad because of fear ... and kill him ?	what if he 's killed himself just out of fear ?
border patrol 's on our ass , man .	the border patrol is right behind us .
• reach 2013 campaign page	* the reach campaigns 2013
we are just alike .	we 're the same .
awkwardly , he did so , and lumbered around till he managed to grub up the drill .	he dropped clumsily down and rummaged around himself until he was able to grab the drill .
that death 's unnatural that kills for loving .	it 's unnatural , killing love .
no mayonnaise on the chicken sandwich !	i wanted a chicken sandwich without mayonnaise .
we 've been fucking betrayed .	someone betrayed us , damn it .
mr. browning ... ... maurice fisoher 's policy is always one of avoiding litigation .	mr. browning , maurice fischer is always trying to avoid a trial .
hey , someone stole our dishes !	they stole our plates .
traditionally , she remembered reading somewhere , executioners always wore gloves to carry out their trade .	thandi remembered that she had read somewhere that she had traditionally worn gloves when performing the craft .
'and ... on your ear . , . '	`` and ... in their ears ... ''
their breaths heaved through open mouths and the protruding eyes were bloodshot .	he was breathing heavily , his mouth convulsed , his eyes bloodshot .
have you ever seen that movie ?	did you see the film ?
show splash screen on startup	display the initial screen at startup
he has n't cleaned anything in his life .	he 's done nothing for his entire life .
woman : my lord !	oh , my god !
that actively discourages engagement	which actively prevents engaging
next to isotta morgause looked raddled and overblown , but still lamorak 's eyes followed her .	in addition to isotta , and morgause , ostensibly and ostentatiously , lamorak kept his eyes on him .
light clouds came up out of the sea in the distant south and were blown away upon the breeze .	from the far sea to the south came an easy puff , and a breeze unfolded them .
it sure was fun ! ''	you were fun ! '
they do n't react like humans .	he 's not responding like a human .
perhaps i 'd better tell this , mark .	maybe i should say it .
this is a state issue as well as a federal one .	it 's not just a federal thing , it 's a state .
women are no problem for a cabbie .	a cab driver does n't have a problem getting a woman .
let us vote . - i vote yes .	we 're going to vote .
actually , you were n't so innocent in that regard either .	as a matter of fact , he was n't so innocent .
three shiite fighters were killed in the attack .	three shi'ite fighters have lost their lives .
not even death would keep you from trying to add 10,000 more .	even the threat of death does n't stop you from adding another $ 10,000 .
three civil brawls ... ... bred of an airy word by thee , old capulet , and montague ... ... have thrice disturbedthe quiet of our streets .	a civil strife , for nothing conceived , by you , kapulet , and by you , montague , has already blown the room of our streets three times .
mankind has a moral .	humanity is a bearer of morality .
that 's your mistake .	this is your fault .
cut your head off a little bit every day and the real thing wo n't hurt ? '	we cut our heads off each day , then it does n't really hurt ? ``
get yourself some coffee , you'il be all right .	you have some coffee and you 'll be fine .
it 's not like i 'm sleeping with the guy .	i do n't sleep with him .
`` his hand ... '' `` you must take ''	`` take to your own . ''
perhaps it escaped across the border .	maybe he ran out of bounds .
that 's the other thing he never learned , how to be nice to people he hates .	he did n't learn that either - being nice to those he hated .
just the four of us .	we 're only four .
just like i took advantage of that sale at banana republic .	just as i used it to sell in banana republic .
you would 've been a nicer person .	you could be a better man .
i went back to the rocks once	one day i came back on those rocks .
`` of the happy life oliver began to lead with his kind friends . ''	a happy life that started in a circle of kind friends for oliver
to write down my day-to-day experiences	when i write daily experiences
if we would 've got picked up , they would 've worked in a gimmick where every show i would 've told another joke .	and if they would have picked us , they 'd have a catch for each part , i 'd always come up with a new joke .
i am very calm !	i 'm perfectly calm .
records show he received a call at 1:55 p.m ... three minutes after he checked in ... five minutes before last call for boarding .	3 minutes after the check-in , 5 minutes before the final challenge .
kennedy watched as roach ’ s face twisted into a frown and he leaned forward .	kennedy watched the grin on roach 's face and how his body was leaning forward .
it'il all be ok .	everything will be okay .
we laugh all the time .	we 're still laughing .
the carpet seemed abnormally warm .	he seemed unnaturally hot .
something dreadful has occurred , something she won ’ t talk about .	yes , something terrible must have happened , something he did n't want to talk about .
cd34+ cells mobilised by plerixafor are functional and capable of engraftment with long-term repopulating capacity .	cd34 + mobilized filerixaforms are functional and are able to transplant with long-term repopulation capacity .
maybe me and help me one bit !	i can help me a little !
i must own it .	i have to have him .
should we eat out ?	shall we go to dinner ?
sleep it off in there .	we 'll sleep here .
the eesc would thus highly recommend a more strategic investment in supporting the development of these .	the eesc would strongly recommend that it be more strategically invested in developing them .
volatile is exactly the state i was hoping to avoid .	i hoped we would avoid that instability .
sergeant , he got away .	sarge , he 's gone !
their bellies are full from a hearty meal of plant and roasted animal flesh .	their stomachs are filled with abundant fruit plants and baked animal meat .
we can not just take it .	we ca n't take him away .
team leader , awaiting your go-sign .	team leader ... ... i 'm waiting for the signal .
`` and what of the problems at the chelyabinsk tank works ? '' yazov asked next .	'what about the trouble with the tanks ? 'yazov asked then .
ah , good , sir phillip thy sharp-tongued wit has not deserted thee .	well done , sir phillip , your razor-sharp wit did n't leave you .
they need our power to assist in the functioning of their machine .	they need us and our strength to help them operate their machines .
enough so your children can remember your fuckin ' face .	it 's enough for kids to remember your face !
the other firms look up to us .	other companies are looking at us .
wait until the joes break formation .	wait till joe 's split .
intruder , level 15 .	intruder on 15th floor .
gavinslist for paint work .	in gavinsons , on painting work .
look at those big eyes	look in my eyes ...
`` only watch out .	`` just be careful .
it 's astounding .	this is amazing .
take your eyes off your opponent and turn your back .	he takes his eye off his opponent and starts turning his back .
the hilltop had been blasted with dynamite and bulldozers were crushing the already fragmented bones .	the mountain peak was blown up by dynamites , and the bulldozers now had broken bones .
it 's treason to free your enemies .	betrayal is to liberate their enemies .
there is no wig !	he does n't have a wig !
if this does not take place within 15 minutes ... i will kill hostages at 60-second intervals .	if he 's not here in 15 minutes , i 'm gon na kill ... ... in one minute , hostage .
that looks rather complicated .	it seems quite complex .
commenting on charles dart 's body behaviors did not occur to dennie sudman .	dennie sudman did n't even think about charles darta 's physical habits .
one thing that should always stand out is a bloody good mac and cheese , and that 's just bland , overcooked , and just dreadful .	the macaroni and cheese should always excel , but these are simply tasteless , overwrought , and terrible .
we got to meet .	we should have met .
the term includes illuminating cartridges , grenades and projectiles ; and illuminating and target identification bombs .	this name includes lighting charges , grenades , missiles and guns for lighting or identifying targets .
i 'm not liking what i 'm not hearing .	gunn , i do n't like what i do n't hear .
and there 's no chance anyone can steal this either .	and it 's not possible for anyone to steal it .
calling mr williams . mr r. j. williams .	call for mr. williams .
you said somebody was transferring controls ?	you said ... someone moved the controls .
this truly is a day of mixed emotions for me .	i 'm experiencing really mixed feelings today .
she was eager to learn of benedict , i discovered .	i found out he wanted to know about benedict .
thrawn cocked a blue-black eyebrow at nalgol .	thrawn wrinkled his blue-eyed brows toward nalgol .
febrile convulsion and high-pitched crying have been reported rarely .	feverish convulsions and piercing cry were reported infrequently .
whoever it is , it sure the hell is somebody .	whoever he is , he 's definitely someone .
meanwhile , agramonte 's working class marched inexorably on toward progress .	working-class agramont marched ahead to progress
that `` lecherous man '' that you seduced into your bed ...	the lecherous guy you lured to your bed ?
spends his whole life devoted to the refrigerator then gets killed by an oven .	he devoted his entire life to refrigeration , and eventually kills him with a stove .
fucking losing it to that twit .	to lose because of that idiot .
`` she does n't say anything .	`` he says nothing .
dang ! i really suck my ass !	my butt is spoilt !
picked up camille roberts at a café where she waitresses .	i took camille roberts in the coffee shop where she works .
it is not clear , however , for what reason the tax office suspended tax execution with regard to konas ’ s pre-2001 debt .	however , it is unclear which tax office was interrupted by the tax authority on the debt of konas , which was established before 2001 .
this goes against the aim to simplify the monitoring systems and the committee therefore recommends that the new margin should not be applied .	this is contrary to the simplification of control systems , which is therefore not recommended by the committee .
she would displease him !	he would have disliked him .
marjorie , it 's mr rogers ! who ?	marjorie , this is mr. rogers .
and her hands were so pretty .	and she had such nice hands .
do you read at all ?	are you even reading ?
'that 's probably it , ' tynian agreed .	'i suppose so , 'tynian agreed .
anyway , i want to do this right for the sexy lesson .	i 'm going to practice it in our sexy lesson .
you cried both times .	and every time he cried .
go ahead . shoot	come on , shoot !
you are bold !	you 're brave .
he can not speak .	he ca n't talk .
`` how needed can i be where every suggestion i make has been ignored ? ''	`` how do i need to be here when all the suggestions i made have gone unnoticed ? ''
what do you need , honey ?	what 's it gon na be , dear ?
in hepatically impaired patients , it is recommended that sirolimus whole blood trough levels be closely monitored .	patients with hepatic impairment are advised to carefully monitor the minimum levels of sirolimus in full blood .
i was hoping you could keep an eye on james rhodes for me .	i thought you might have a look at james rhodes .
after a winter battered by north pacific storms sea lion colonies haul out to sun themselves like vacationers enjoying a day at the beach .	after the winter of the pacific ocean storms , groups of lachtans are basking in the sun as the people on vacation enjoy bathing .
joe branca went back to an easel near the middle of the room , started making tiny strokes on it ;	joe branca returned to the stand in the centre of the room and began making small strokes of the brush ;
i mean , i may not be huge , but after all , it 's only a matter of inches we 're talking about .	maybe i 'm not very big , but in the end we only talk about centimetres .
want to get something to eat ?	shall we go eat ?
he forgiveth whom he pleaseth and punisheth whom he pleaseth ; but allah is oft-forgiving , most merciful .	he apologised to whomever he begged to punish whomever he begged , god i am forgiver .
what would you like on it ?	what do you want them for ?
nobody said to vegas .	no one talked about vegas .
besidesof nine police officers killed today	among other things , nine policemen were killed tonight .
let 's close the fire shutters and build a barricade .	we 'll try to shut down the fire doors and build some barricades .
paroxetina gea 40 mg	20 mg comprimidos con cubierta pelicular
so glad you could join us .	i 'm delighted you joined us .
at the moment , you are helping us with our enquiries .	you 're currently assisting us in the investigation .
i even made friends with their girlfriends to see what they liked about them .	i 've even become friends of my friends . i know what they like .
okay , well ... thanks for the save .	okay , um , thank you for saving me .
i nicked it myself from a trader from ludland this morning .	i pinched him this morning with a guy in lumandu .
he was badly hurt , but although he had been struck amidships and then run over , he didn ’ t appear even close to dead .	he was seriously hurt , but even when the car hit him in full and then crossed , it was far from dreaming he would be dead .
he had to remove his great horned helmet because it was banging against the ceiling and leaving scratch marks in the plaster .	he had to pack a huge helmet adorned with horns because he was hitting the ceiling where he left traces on the plaster .
a cool calculus of global warming	cold calls on global warming
it 's not for church .	he does n't fit the church .
that was almost ten years ago .	nearly a decade has passed since then .
`` ah , it was the 'orses did for him , '' said mr. burnaby indulgently .	`` but they did it to his horses , '' mr barnaby observed indulgently .
thank you for driving .	thanks for the ride .
yet we do n't seem to be damaged at all .	we seem to have gotten away with no harm .
i watch a lot of old movies .	i 'm looking at old films .
after 16 weeks , both groups had lost almost equal amounts of fat around their middles .	after sixteen weeks , women from both groups had nearly equal weight loss at the waist .
'you feel they are incapable ? '	`` you think they 're incompetent ? ''
your wireless connection is currently configured to not connect to computer-to-computer networks .	the wireless connection configuration does not currently allow connections between your computer .
get off it !	let him go !
hi sis , how is your soccer practice ?	hey , sister . how was football practice ?
bush invaded a sovereign nation in defiance of the u.n .	bush , despite the un 's resistance , attacked the sovereign state .
he is slipping away very fast .	he 's losing it very quickly .
i 've gone mad .	i 'm going crazy .
sorry , aunty , but you just do n't get this sort of silly aggravation with aircraft .	i 'm sorry , aunt , but you simply wo n't be able to get that plane .
we 're not stopping .	we wo n't stop .
fifteen minutes before the predator hits d.c .	15 minutes to strike the predator in washington
i will not hate anything . '	i wo n't hate anyone. ``
no more endless voting over what beliefs shall be held by a fragile , tentative ( ' .	there will be no endless vote on what beliefs and beliefs should stick to fragile , uncertain self .
they 're in your dad 's car !	he 's got your father 's car .
all right , now ... this is weird .	i mean ... ... it 's a strange feeling .
lady prunaprismia has this night given lord miraz a son !	lady prunaprismie gave birth to lord miraz 's son tonight !
everyone who 's responsible .	anyone who was to blame .
this is my husband !	he 's supposed to be my husband .
november 2005 , p. 359 . 36 – sujecki , ‘ das annahmeverweigerungsrecht im europäischen zustellungsrecht ’ , p. 364 .	36 - sujecki , `` das übersetzungserfordernis und dessen heilung nach der europäischen zustellungsverordnung : entscheidung des europäischen gerichtshofes vom 8 .
potential for other medicinal products to affect abilify	the possibility of affecting abilify other medicines
well , are n't the berkhalters joining us ?	are n't you going to join us berkhalter ?
i have n't heard from you . i had no idea where you were .	i did n't know anything about you , i did n't even know where you were !
uh , i was kinda busy . ha .	well ... i had a pretty busy schedule .
calm down , son .	take it easy , son !
she bent and stared into his eyes .	she leaned down and looked him in the eye .
if you do n't tend your chickens , they 'll never produce a golden egg .	especially if your chicken does n't ... tend to endure golden eggs .
the guy saved five babies out in redhook , all right ?	the kid saved five kids at redhooo .
i intend to see to it that any man who sails under a pirate flag or wears a pirate brand gets what he deserves :	i 'll see that everyone with the brand of pirates gets what they deserve .
placené odkazy pneu 21 , s.r.o .	dule člen , ddd , deratizace , desinsekce , desinfekce . permission to work restaurant at hradeb s.r.o .
i must go ; remember to put on the mask when you fight	do n't forget to wear a mask if you fight .
this is bullshit !	it 's fucked up !
giving thank you cards ?	sending a thank-you card ?
commander . captain left yet ?	did the captain fly ?
we got ta know fast , though .	but we have to know quickly .
voldemort examined it carefully , ignoring wormtail 's uncontrollable weeping .	voldemort studied him closely , without noticing wormwood 's uncontrollable surge .
your byz lat big brother at least give you cab fare ?	your big brother from lats gave you money for a cab .
just freed up after carole lombard finished vigil in the night .	she 's now free , after carole lombard completed `` blatter at night . ''
worked the electrical grid contract for the american consulate .	he worked on electricity at the u.s. consulate .
karim – cast-iron waste basket	karim - litin waste bin
it was on the left , which would face the evening sun all the way after they turned north at abilene .	on the left-hand side , so the afternoon sun will rely on him to turn north into abilene .
no pushing . no pushing . but let 's not dilly-dally .	do n't push , but no good .
so , that 's what ?	then what is it ?
that 's wonderful , mom .	this is amazing , mother .
well , was he talking ?	did he say anything ?
the demonic , red-skinned robot blasted out with his flames , immolating his victim at the stake .	the demon red robot spewed out the flames , destroying its incendiary sacrifice on the cross .
4.2.1. de onrechtmatigheid van de garantie ten behoeve van de verhandelbare risico 's van ondd in punt 4.2 van de mededeling exportkredietverzekering is bepaald :	in een eerste fase dient de commissie na te gaan of de betrokken maatregelen staatssteun vormen in de zin van artikel 107 , lid 1 , vweu .
michel and philippe , here please .	michele , philippe , with me !
i do not ... why did you pull the net ?	well , why are you pulling the nets ?
it 's what my father did .	my father was such a ...
so are your arms hurting ?	do your hands hurt ?
does he know your weak point ?	you know his weakness ?
he had passed it less than five minutes before , looking at it but not seeing it .	he passed this building before five minutes , and even when he looked at her , he did n't notice her .
this is so great .	that 's so big .
and that i saw you drag her into your car and then you drove off .	and i saw him shove it in his car and drive away .
los valores , en principio , han sido calculados según el sistema de clasificación fao .	brassica oleracea l. convar .
it 's not going to let us go !	it wo n't let us out .
keep this fire ! ``	you watch the fire ?
about 20 yards that way .	less than twenty yards away .
poor life choice .	bad lifestyle choices .
why , you keep your kitchen so far back of the lines we never get anything to eat until it 's cold and we 're asleep !	hey , you 've got this kitchen so far behind the line that the food gets really cold for us and when we sleep .
they think you 're gon na fold .	he thinks you 'll fold again .
i am not worthy of it .	i do n't deserve that .
as the thigh swelled , they were forced to slice the leather padding beneath the plate .	his thigh was swollen , and they had to cut through a leather pad .
he watched her , sideways , as they entered the main concourse , and had the satisfaction of seeing her catch her breath .	when they came to a large hall , he watched it , and was happy to see him gasping for breath .
whisky with ice .	scotch on the rocks .
they lived a life of nearly perfect emotional denial-a form of asceticism as extreme as that of a medieval stylite .	they live in an almost complete emotional self-denial - that asceticism is as winnable as it is with medieval stylites .
you are interviewing susan sto helit .	you 're talking to susan stohelit .
another ten minutes and i 'll be at t'bottom of it .	ten more minutes and i 'm going to go underground .
this is why i travel underground .	that 's why i 'm moving underground !
but she slapped me and fuck i fell down so hard .	she hit me and i fell on my mouth and paang ...
and notice , both of these are very easy to figure out its dimensions .	note the two tojangles can be found very easily on their dimensions .
ah , just the week .	only for a week .
i 'm not lying for you cretins .	i wo n't lie to you , assholes .
how recent , how dependable ? ''	how old and how reliable ? ``
the alternative is not an option .	there 's no other option .
it 's where they are n't .	the question is where they 're not .
are you saying there are no philosophical problems ?	so you 're saying that they 're not a philosophical problem ?
heroic army and marine force dead mark the battlefiield of okinawa ... ... where a bloody engagement is being fought .	a heroic death is drawing the battlefields of the army and marines in okinawa , where one of the bloodiest battles of this war is underway .
all grown up and drinking very nicely out of glasses .	they both grew up drinking very nice drinks .
i 've got one of your laptops .	i have a laptop from you .
she 's not getting out of there alive .	he wo n't get out alive .
anybody with the slightest knowledge of magic history 'd be aware of it .	anyone who has at least a basic knowledge of the history of magic will know him. ``
as for education levels , decreases in employment have been largest for the lower-skilled and lowest for highly educated individuals .	in terms of educational attainment , employment decreased most for low-skilled workers and at least highly educated .
the following diagram represents the way the political system of quebec works since the 1968 reform .	the next chart represents the travel policy system , which operates from reform in 1968
al-lat : mankind 's original sun ; by usage : any planet 's primary .	al-lovt : the great sun of humanity ; normally any major planet .
'we 're going to drink beer and throw the frisbee around . '	`` we 'll be sipping beer and throwing a saucer . ''
the torero deals with death , and fear ... be rejective and tensed up .	toreador , it 's related to death , there 's anxiety , a great nervousness .
whatever are you doing here ?	what do you do ?
nah . he was always this way .	he 's always been like that .
dumb thought that ... i might never have my own wedding .	i was thinking of a stupid idea that ... i may never get married .
enclosed was a picture of sabrina , celebrating her first birthday at their home in cincinnati .	there was a photo attached to him from sabrina 's first birthday party .
i do n't have much of an appetite .	i 'm not very hungry .
accurate information for consumer would also be very useful to enable them to choose the energy consuming appliances that are best suited to their needs .	it would also be helpful to inform consumers , since they would be able to choose the most suitable appliance when purchasing .
he 's mayor of belleville now .	pardou is now the mayor in lile .
grown-up children , you know .	it 's just grown-up kids .
this statement itself was unlawful because , according to russia 's constitution , dismissals of duly elected officials should occur only by virtue of court orders .	but the statement itself is illegal , for , according to the russian constitution , a duly elected official can remove his or her function only in court order .
it`s a beautiful 9th century mosaic which this church is rightly famous for .	it 's a beautiful moodka from the 9th century that makes the church really known .
goodbye - you 're not taking the hat ?	goodbye ! is n't it a berating hat ?
where were you when he was taken ? !	and when have you been when they took him ? !
mom is going to be so pissed .	mom 's gon na be upset .
um , that 's impossible .	it 's not possible .
you 're not helping things by running away every time things run away ? so when you just disappear ,	you do n't help things when you run away whenever things go a little bit ...
that is great ! that is reallу great !	that 's really cool !
and i 'm afraid .	and that scares me .
is that certain ?	are you sure ?
that 's nothing but white officers lying to protect two of their own . you know that .	it 's just a lie of white officers protecting their people ... and you know it .
but if it were known that we were harboring runaway gang members- ''	but if they knew we were running the runaways.. . '
gas combination rate ( in per cent ) : …	ratio of gas combinations ( percentage ) : ...
tonight is our last in company .	it 's our last night together .
tommy should have been there .	it was supposed to be tommy .
week from 06/10/1996 until 06/16/1996	weekly form 10.06.1996 to 16.06.1996
her views on clothes , a lot more .	she gives opinions on the dress much more .
so good to see max finally find a friend .	i 'm glad max has a friend at last .
they 're here ?	are there any ?
stricklanïs got that weapon .	strickland has a gun .
send some scouts after them !	send scouts to him .
it glides through our oceans with his 20 tons , as peaceful as clouds through the sky .	with its 20 tonnes of weight , the ocean sails peacefully like clouds across the sky .
anyone ever told you togo slow when we first enter the chute ?	did anyone ever tell you to slow down while we go mainstream ?
those records were supposed to be sealed .	the records should have been sealed .
i dread that anything should go wrong , luvic .	i 'm terrified of something going wrong , luvicu .
was he investigating the markov assassination ?	did he investigate markov 's killing ?
maybe no one lived up there . ”	maybe nobody lived there. ``
citizens , we have samson the sadducee strangler ,	we have famfona faudfsky fkrtife .
is it god 's ?	does he belong to god ?
that 's a buddy of mine .	he 's my friend .
she immediately was ashamed of herself for thinking such thing .	she was instantly embarrassed by her thoughts .
got ta stick with my old girl here ,	i have to keep my old friend here
yo . let 's go all west coast with this .	we 'll go for it on the west coast .
do it now or i shoot .	come on or i 'll shoot !
the boys trooped down a narrow staircase lit by naked bulbs enclosed in wire mesh .	the boys marched through a narrow staircase that illuminated bare bulbs wrapped with weeds .
firm texture , zero or very slight elasticity , medium to high friability .	consistency - solid , inflexible or slightly flexible with medium or high dropout .
these are the coordinates of the anti-godzilla frigate fleet .	this is the co-ordinator against the goa'uld fleet .
only 5 minutes ' ride to market .	and just five minutes ' drive is trade .
jesus christ , you are disgusting !	oh , my god , you 're disgusting .
transferred persons charged with a criminal offence shall be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law .	all forward-looking persons accused of a crime are treated as innocent until their fault is lawfully established .
that send signals back to our onboard computer	it 's sending a signal to the computer .
while the us social security system now faces a problem with under-funding , so do a large fraction of america 's private pension programs .	while it is true that the us public welfare system is currently facing underfunding , much of the private pension programs in the united states are also true .
no . ca n't be .	it 's not possible .
are you a drug dealer ?	do you trade drugs ?
to simplify administration , you can create one wrapper playlist and reference it from multiple publishing points .	the administration can be simplified by creating a single aggregate playlist that will reference various publishing points .
the night was turning jangled and hateful to him as the twilight faded .	the dusk was already fading , and he resented the evening .
you wan na come back in ?	do you want to go back inside ?
suddenly it seemed sinister .	but now she seemed ominous .
`` the lord shall preserve thee from all evil . ''	`` god will cut you from harm . ''
`` but then we started narrowing it down some .	`` but we began to narrow their range .
she 's not male either .	neither did the man .
& assignments keeping outline structure	assignment with compliance structure
* they 're gon na wait * * outside in line *	* you have to wait in a row *
could not reclame ownership	unable to take ownership
or does n't it matter ?	or whatever , huh ?
there 's 5000 here .	it 's about 5,000 .
you get 911 calls ?	do you receive a police call ?
the kids ' bedrooms ?	children 's room ?
well , no script .	the script wo n't be .
you gon na shake the jail ?	are you going to flush out jail ?
suddenly , with no warning grandpa died .	all of a sudden , your grandfather died .
i suppose we can expect rocket ships to be carrying us across the ocean very soon .	soon we can wait for the missile ships ... ... that will take us over the ocean during the moment .
she 's a pretty little peach .	nice , little peach !
he could see nobody with the typical far-off look , indicating that a private message was being transmitted via a concealed keypad .	he had not seen anyone with a distinctive , absent-minded eye , suggesting that he had sent some private sessions with the hidden clavicle .
this harmless animal ...	these helpless animals ...
right , like that old thing could ever be happy .	okay , as if the old man were ever happy .
cu , go as quick as you can .	hurry up , cu !
see , that 's when i join my audubon group for a local evening bird tour .	i just joined my audobon group for the evening sightings of the birds .
one million dollars would buy ... great many tight suits , would it not , mr. charleston ?	a million dollar would be bought in a million dollars , right ?
behind her they heard the gloop gloop of the bubbling , glutinous potion .	behind it , the glo glo drummed the potion `` thick like syrup .
where is that motherfucker ?	where 's the fucker ?
this time period is necessary for the industry to be able to adjust .	the sector in question needs this period in order to adapt .
those probably be securitate informers . ''	these are probably securitate informants. ``
500 sit-ups a day .	500 will increase daily .
she 's only 3 kilometers from here .	he 's only three miles away .
is it a publicity move ?	it 's an advertising move .
damn , it 's that pointy-eared bastard .	he 's the son of a bitch .
so get out there and kick butt .	go ahead and kick some ass .
wan na bring that with you ?	would you like to ?
she 'll betray ya !	he will betray you !
like going on holidays with your aunt !	it 's like a vacation with auntie .
i know everyone keeps saying jacqueline 's this amazing chef , she 's so strong .	everyone says jacqueline is a great cook that she is strong .
he granted me mortality on condition that any child i would father ... would , at the age of 16 , belong to him .	he returned my mortality on the condition that if i ever become a father , the child , when he reaches sixteen years old , will be his .
what we payed you 25 thousand dollars	we paid you $ 25,000 .
family 's in laguna .	the family is in lagoona !
i have been criticized my entire life	my whole life is being criticized .
‘ breakthrough pain ’ is when a patient experiences additional , sudden pain in spite of ongoing treatment with painkillers .	`` breakthrough pain '' marks a condition where the patient is experiencing another sudden worsening pain despite the administration of painkillers .
nor will we be .	and we wo n't .
so , things are n't always fighting to the death at all times .	not always have to fight for life and death .
it is woman 's mistrust and jealousy that needs punishing .	more women 's all-rounder , distrust and jealousy deserve punishment .
that 's ... impossible !	this is not possible !
`` easy ... easy ... easy ! ...	`` easy , '' he said .
after the umpteenth we've-lost-count-again time he had been almost killed , perhaps .	maybe one of the times he 's nearly killed him after he 's been killed .
the risk is a loss of momentum and technological edge , and delay today meaning higher costs later .	the speed and technological leap are in danger , and they will pay higher costs for the delay in the future .
are you calling me a liar ?	you mean i 'm lying ?
are those cup phones ?	did you make phones out of cups ?
not the great southern , the southern .	not much south , just south .
it 's been fast ,	it was quick .
food , glorious food ... we 're anxious to try it ... .	food , a lot of food i want to test him out .
yeah , it runs .	yes , he does .
move towards the hangar doors , and ah ... leave your weapons behind	go to the gate of the hangar and ... put down your weapons .
any day now my work will be complete .	every day i 'm closer to completing our work .
both appellants also requested that enforcement of the judgment be suspended .	they also lodged an application for suspension of the operation of the judgment .
four days from now , we 'll fight to the death !	in four days , we will fight for our lives .
ghost flowers throb on their stalks all about me , ghost shrubs spill blossoms like frozen firework displays .	all around me they tremble on their stems of ghostly flowers and ghostly shrubs shedding flowers like slow-motion fireworks .
after that , i relativized my miseries .	then i straightened it out with my problems .
do not go home with him .	do n't go to his house .
she gets forty bucks for fifteen minutes .	he 's 40 bucks in 15 minutes .
you 're hearing the signal from the russian --	the signal was heard in russia .
we were considering more formal relations .	we have taken note of our other official relations .
make some examples .	give me an example .
the spinal injury was likely caused by the father transporting him .	tell your dad what ? spinal injuries were probably caused by his father 's transport .
that was what yugo had called the love of the metal-skinned worlds ' inhabitants for their confinement .	so he called jugo the love of a resident of the metal-covered planets to their prison .
is n't this cool , huh ?	that it 's cool ?
of our original 13 , how many are left ?	how many remained alive from the original thirteen ?
there is a good sign for the phone .	there 's no good signal for cell phones .
no luck at the harbor .	we were n't lucky in the harbour .
she leaked info to a journalist .	she relayed the information to the reporter .
my mother did it herself .	my mom cut me .
01:56 pm january 16th . expedition day thirty-three 27 days before sundown .	01 : 56 p.m. , 16 january 33rd day of the expedition 27 days into the sunset
you do n't believe the thought has entered her mind ?	do n't you think she 's already figured it out ?
they had no weapons , no defenses whatsoever .	they did n't have guns ; nothing to use in their defense .
180,000 baby seals for two million dollars .	180 thousand seal pups for $ 2 million .
maybe they 're with them . really ? male nurses ?	the men do the nurses ?
identification of the people most at risk is made easier by a definition which indicates which groups of people belong to this category .	identifying the most vulnerable people would be simpler if there were a definition of people falling within that category .
no thickeners or flavourings may be added .	it is not permitted to add thicknesses or aromas .
hey , rhode island , how you doing ?	rhode lsland , what 's up ?
`` after life 's fitful fever , he sleeps well . ''	after a fever of life , she is now falling asleep .
it continues to bleed .	it 's still bleeding .
i 'd hoped to take you out to lunch , and shopping .	i was hoping you and i would have lunch together and shopping .
those are our beds .	this is our bed .
the pathologist made a mental note to look up the pretty widow 's address .	the pathologist noted in his mind that he should seek out the address of the handsome widow .
there was no gun . not that i saw .	i did n't see any gun .
do you have shortness of breath ?	are you breathing well ?
i am all about fair treatment of friends	i 'm for a fair treat with friends .
can not impersonate .	unable to mimic .
yes an corporal u.s army , a jew .	one corporal , the american military .
`` hats give me a headache . ''	`` my hat hurts my head . ''
that had been his crazy mistake .	and it was his tragic mistake .
they were never seen again .	no one has ever seen them .
perhaps it was only fatigue , despair ; perhaps it was not svidrigaïlov but some other whom he needed , and svidrigaïlov had simply presented himself by chance .	maybe it 's just fatigue and despair , maybe he does n't need svidrigaul , but someone else , and svidrigaïlov just got in his way ?
excuse me ... but you 're smoking .	i 'm sorry , but she 's smoking .
are you calling him a liar ?	you mean he 's lying ?
kidnap , kill , cut the power , all without being seen or heard .	kidnapping , killing , cutting off electricity without even seeing or hearing anything .
i almost got arrested .	they nearly arrested me .
fabius miss you already ? - 85,000 ...	are you beginning to miss fabio , gisco ?
this took him through a waiting room to double glass doors .	so he got through the waiting room for a double-glazed door .
these are our children .	this is our kids .
a short remaining life of a loan poses above all a risk in terms of costs and is not direct proof of existential difficulties .	the short period remaining until the maturity of the loans was allegedly constituted mainly in costs and not directly evidence of material difficulties .
`` then i got caught and had pictures taken of my tiny penis ,	then get caught and photographed with his little penis .
in any event , much as what formerly was my kidney is now my heart ,	but because , they used to be my kidneys , where my heart is now .
that was not exactly the truth , but close .	it was n't entirely true , but almost .
in third party situations it is commonplace that arrangements will be made to make use of a service as and when required .	in situations of third parties , it is common for them to make arrangements for using the service in circumstances where it is necessary .
the kender stuck out his bare left foot and nudged at the thick patch of leaves before him .	the otek now slipped a boon of left leg and nudged a strong layer of leaves in front of him .
her due date is tomorrow .	he 's got a deadline tomorrow .
wo n't you sit down ?	sit down , please .
were you surprised by my letter ?	did the letter surprise you about anything ?
de : behälter dicht geschlossen halten und an einem kühlen ort aufbewahren .	de : sehr giftig beim einatmen .
you should tell that to you mother .	you should have told your mom .
as a french film	like in french movies .
have you been sleeping ?	did you even sleep ?
lightening lou lescano has withdrawn from the fight , due to illness .	lightning lou lescano pulled out of the match for illness .
( j ) it shall provide for an automatic reimbursement procedure of intraday credit and discourage overnight credit through deterrent sanctioning rates .	( j ) introduces an automated procedure to repay intra-day loans , and by using penalty rates , it discourages lending overnight .
are n't you gon na let anybody see it ?	wo n't you let anyone look at them ?
momma say this school ai n't shit	mom says this school sucks .
you are actively cockblocking a national security op .	you 're actively blocking an international security operation .
you told me we were going someplace boring .	you said we 'd go to some boring place .
this is why we came here !	that 's why we 're here .
`` i have clung to nothing , lov 'd a nothing , nothing seen ''	`` i did n't fuck , i did n't love anything , i did n't see anything ''
can i have my phone back please ?	will you give me the phone , please ?
a fellow called harbin ... a medical orderly at the general hospital .	this is a guy called harbin , a nurse from central hospital .
your prisoner brought my men down single-handed .	the captive only took my men by himself .
despite having known each other only a few days ... ... the bond between mother and child is surprisingly strong .	although she did n't even need it for a few days , the bond between the youngster and mother was astonishingly strong .
she said ... she said that 10 000 by pills , but ... any dealer pay 12 mil .	she said ten grand a pill , but any good dealer could get a dozen .
the penalty for duelling is death .	the battles are punished by death .
i 'll be in dc tomorrow capitalizing on it .	and i 'm going to take advantage of this in washington tomorrow .
daddy , let 's go .	dad , come on .
she did n't go hungry .	he 's not going to be hungry .
yes , those are the risks .	yes , that 's a risk .
somebody might remember him renting or buying a telly .	someone might remember someone borrowing a tv like that .
`` sorry , '' beyazh whispered sheepishly .	'i 'm sorry , 'whispered bejaz .
have you been teaching calligraphy long ?	did you teach the craftis long ?
we 're pretty easily amused .	it 's easy to have fun .
`` there 're some guild people , too , demanding special privileges , threatening an embargo against arrakis .	`` there are a couple of guildsmen who demand special privileges and threaten arrakis with an embargo .
if you 've not won , i 've not won , and annie 's not won , that leaves a total of forty-nine .	if you did n't win , i did n't win , and annie did n't win . there 's only forty nine people left .
interesting . i would have expected that after the `` keeping dad in jail . ''	i 'd expect it to `` keep my dad in prison . ''
the room is turning black ! turning black !	it 's dark !
there 's a festival tonight	it 's going to be a holiday this evening .
i have made her ill for your sake .	i made her sick because of you !
pediatric hospital 's such a worthy cause .	children 's hospitals are worth it .
everywhere i 'm attended by doctors who inform me of my own interests !	there are doctors everywhere who inform me what is good for me .
( f ) accountability and transparency in relation to publication requirements are adequate ;	( f ) the disclosure requirements are sufficiently transparent , including the requirement of a sufficient level of liability ;
i 'm going alone .	i 'll go myself .
it smelled like a woman .	she smelled of women .
who is going to do the blowing up ?	who 's gon na blow it up ?
connect to tracker via a pro_xy	connect to trackers over _ xy
she panics if i 'm -- - i 'm sorry , not tonight .	he 's scared if you -- - excuse me , not today .
`` did you say hawkwing ? '' she demanded harshly .	`` you called the hawkhole ! '' she asked hoarsely .
all right , 20 cubic metres .	twenty square feet .
well , as ever you had kissed a girl .	yeah , like you 've been kissing girls .
i 'll only be gone ten days .	it 's only for 10 days .
is that a corner shot ?	they shoot round the corner ?
was his death wish , his leper 's weariness or despair , so strong ?	was his desire to die , his frostbite or desperation from the leprosy ?
are n't those the pus-heads that burned a wolfsangel on their lawn ?	it 's not the festering heads that burned the wolfsanders on their lawn .
lou guessed it had been from the acid .	lou figured it would be traces of acid .
were you aware of the change ...	you knew about change .
and the joke is never as funny the second time round .	and for a second time , it 's never fun .
the two of you should remain in the clear sight of others until i return .	you two should stay in each other 's eyes before i get back .
you 're completely -- -you whore ... ... look for your whore friend !	you 're completely ... - you bitch , try finding the other bitch !
`` no , you 're wrongly mistaken . ''	`` it 's going to be a mistake . ''
grab that , and the next arrow goes in her heart .	take it and another arrow will go to her heart .
undercutting was not present in respect of the normal regime ( around one third of import volumes ) .	in the normal scheme , there were no undercutting ( roughly one-third of the volume of imports ) .
we do n't get a lot of drifters around here .	there 's not a lot of hobos around in the neighborhood .
we 're going to be making the announcement shortly .	soon we 'll announce it to the public .
to close an open window , right click it .	the open window can be closed by clicking the right button .
football guys , they date hot chicks .	football players go out with hot girls .
you will get killed .	they 'll kill you .
strange if she were n't after losing her kid	it would be weird if she was different after she lost her baby .
this is all we might have to last us till winter .	that 's all we can have by the end of winter .
at noon the rain stops .	it will stop raining by noon .
this is unnecessary .	it 's completely useless .
of what women undergo at the hands of men ?	how women suffer under men 's hands .
we chased it in a boat .	we caught up with her on the boat .
we do n't have a phone .	there 's no phone . no phone .
even so threatening look ?	do i look like a threat ?
customer foreclosure may take various forms .	restricting access to customers can take different forms .
hi , this is joe fredy down at the wilshire office .	hello , this is john frady from walshare .
eyes aslant , yellow , feral - and crimson in their cores - harry wolfson paused half in darkness .	with slanted , yellow-eyed , his eyes-under his blood - harry wolfson stopped , half-veiled shadows .
a strange feeling ...	an unusual sensation ...
then what are we waiting for ?	what would you expect ?
that 's not a dream	it was n't a dream .
look for key phrases . victim , mercy , anything that signifies they thought their crime was n't their fault .	victim , compassion , anything that suggests he believes he did not blame his crime .
perhaps madam knows ?	maybe she would know ?
people were burning , screaming . oh .	people burned and screamed .
done with your phone call ?	did you get the phone yet ?
she 's my mother !	you 're talking about my mom .
no . no laughing !	do n't laugh !
let 's not any of us forget that .	we should n't forget this .
you got ta ... you got ta go .	you have to . you have to go .
this is only applicable to non-filled paths .	this can only be used on unfilled roads .
and if we die of hunger ?	what if we starve to death ?
more information needs to be provided on how new entrants will be treated .	there is a need to provide more information about the method of treatment of the new entrants .
no good , huh ?	is n't it good ?
in spite of the difficult economic context there were some notable milestones towards eu integration for a number of enlargement countries in 2010 :	despite challenging economic conditions , many of the countries sought to accede to the eu several important milestones in 2010 on its way to join the eu .
our entire conversation is based on the 1995 `` lonely planet '' guide to havana	all of our discussions come from the guide to the lone planet after hawaii from 1995 .
let 's get out of here !	come on , let 's go !
were they trying to seduce his brain now , his reading eye too ?	does his brain and the eyes he read ?
have i died yet ?	did i die already ?
just a couple of minutes then .	i 'll see you in a few minutes .
it 's weird when its here .	the fact that this is weird is here .
those are mine .	it 's mine !
eating too chicken ?	do you eat a lot of chickens ?
this is certainly not because of the problem that the wording of the various language versions differs from one version to another .	at the same time , it is not a problem that different language versions would be different .
select business tax-basis category	choose an enterprise tax category
# that northern railroad	# tou the north
lieutenant dunsinane was n't the worst of michael 's problems .	lieutenant dunsinane , however , did not represent michael 's biggest problem .
i can not let her go .	i ca n't leave you .
no , never do that .	no , not this !
am i in the wrong house ?	i did n't fault my house ?
honor made herself sit very still , grinding her heel down on the rage that still roared within her .	honor forced herself to sit quietly and with all power her anger was still raging .
some regan had not evidenced as yet : stigmata ; the desire for repugnant foods ; the insensitivity to pain ; the frequent loud and irrepressible hiccuping .	but some have still not shown in regan : stigmas , cravings to repel meals , numbness to pain , frequent loud and uninhibited driving .
i already saw it .	i 've seen him before .
oh . - how did everything go this morning ?	how are you doing in the morning ?
he is not called timofey lukianovitch , prince , but lukian timofeyovitch .	his name is not timofej lukjanovic , but lukjan timofeyevich !
i had never dreamed of myself in anything like it .	i 've never been dressed like this in any dream .
i hate this party .	i do n't like it .
`` how the hell do you go about giving away that much money ? ''	`` how do you want to get rid of a lot of money ? ''
it 's gon na be all right .	come on . it 'll be okay .
around here , town means trash .	here means the city is garbage .
and things are good .	and everything is fine .
we could n't sleep .	no , you go to sleep .
to nonbelievers , it 's all crazy .	for the infidel , crazy is everything .
if we ca n't get it to slow down , then ... it'il give out .	if we do n't slow him down , he 's gon na be exhausted .
she said she hates men smoke . he quit smoke immediately . you see that ?	she said she hated smokers , so you quit smoking , right ?
now listen to me , all of you .	everyone , listen up !
i 'm sorry . i did n't mean that .	sorry , that 's not what i meant .
well , would you care to partake of lunch now ?	do you have any appetite for lunch ?
this place just got interesting .	it 's getting interesting .
now i know each man—whatever his name .	i know every one of them , no matter their names .
the taxi driver seems gloomy .	the cabbie looks grim .
something may have come from another planet perhaps an intelligent life form and has done this .	it is possible that something came from another planet with different life forms , intelligent life forms , and they managed it .
johnny fontane thought , oh , christ , one of them .	johnny thought , for god 's sake , one more !
under bothari 's narrow eye , the skinny youth coaxed his vehicle into the air .	under the guard of bothari 's narrowed eyes , the lean young man made the plane take off .
a truth i dared not approach .	truth i did n't dare touch .
`` she has oxygen till 3 a.m. tomorrow .	he 's got oxygen up to three by morning .
you have n't had the awful hair experiences i 've had .	you do n't have such a terrible experience of hair like me .
nomuri waved in what he hoped was not an overly boyish way .	nomuri gestured at her , hoping he had n't made it too childish .
hey , would you guys be interested in doing a tour of hollywood ?	hey , is it interesting for you to make a trip to hollywood ?
worried about me drinking .	you worry about my drink .
this is real afm , atomic force microscope data	these are real data from the microscope of atomic forces
everybody 's got their reasons .	everyone has reasons for it .
no peeking , idiot !	do n't look , stupid .
he had loved her because of that fundamental vulnerability ; she truly did need him .	he loved her for this profound vulnerability , she really needed it .
the children all right ?	are the kids okay ?
in a number of eu member states , educational innovations are being introduced in schools with a view to stimulating consumer awareness .	in some member states , pedagogical innovation towards consumer awareness was included in the school curriculum .
oh ... he is a fortunate one !	oh , it 's a lucky girl !
i 'm not going to law school just to cash out .	i do n't go to law only for money .
we 're gon na put the yogorov brothers away until their grandkids ca n't remember their names .	we will get yogorov brothers to prison for as long as their truths forget their names .
the police were keeping them back , but already live news broadcasts were being sent worldwide .	police intercepted people from television , but there was a live broadcast to the world .
file and printer sharing for microsoft networks	share files and printers in microsoft networks
well , he certainly knows i 've perfected a system of navigation .	yes , i 'm sure he knew about the perfect navigation system .
you 're not on neuroleptics .	you do n't take antipsychotics .
the objective referent of clock is another clock .	objective referent hours are different hours .
maybe he 's sitting at home somewhere , even now , working out the problems for himself . ”	he might be sitting around at home , even at this point , dealing with his problems. ``
nobody has heard it , either .	no one 's ever heard of it .
yeah , sure you did .	oh , yes , of course .
we must witness !	we have to testify .
you are a man of courage . ’	you 're a brave man. ``
you said ... ... a husband 's got ta put a wife before himself .	you said your husband had to build a woman in the first place .
'more the reason for caution , ' derudan admonished .	'another reason to be cautious , 'said deroudan .
you 're not healing because you 're not eating .	you do n't heal because you do n't eat .
the issue was if i wanted to love her in this condition	it was about whether i want to love her under such conditions .
i 'll move in here tomorrow ...	he 's going to move here tomorrow .
( gasps ) silver elephant salt and pepper shakers . they 're beautiful .	an elephant solver and a pepper of silver , that 's beautiful .
wow . this is just like eating in a diner .	it 's almost like dinner .
you 're back in charge of homicide , effective immediately .	i 'm returning you to the homicide squad . effective immediately .
`` that 's not possible .	`` it ca n't be .
it took a really weird hop .	well , then it kind of made it weird .
`` yow ! '' he said . `` fucking hot ! ''	`` it 's a blowtorch ! ''
as we travel through the graveyard tonight ... hold on to your loved ones , with all your might .	we will be traveling through the cemetery tonight , keeping their loved ones out of their hands .
how 's that pregnant yoga thing going ?	what about the pregnancy yoga ?
i do n't run .	i 'm not running .
you 're not acting like it .	you do n't act like that .
let 's not go through all that again .	we do n't have to go through this again .
we have the pleasure of hosting a couple of visiting firefighters again .	it 's a pleasure to host two foreign firefighters again .
so , did you enjoy tonight ?	did you like it this evening ?
going into wars , fighting soldiers , you 're terrible at this .	you ca n't go to war to fight the soldiers ... you ca n't do this .
cause of death will take more time to determine ... ... but there is evidence of stab wounds .	i do n't know the cause of death yet , but there are traces of multiple stab wounds .
fuck off , you bastard .	get out of here , you son of a bitch !
the name of icarium has lived on in our— '	'icarus 's name lives in our - '
it 's not just for my dad .	i did n't just want to avenge my father .
has he eaten anything ?	did he eat something ?
we did laugh the entire london .	in london they laugh at us .
'it may be hunting us , ' smhee said .	'maybe they 're chasing us , 'smhee said .
it its bottom taste .	his taste in the lower part .
so i apologize for this .	i 'm sorry about that .
stop it ! leave him alone !	give him a break !
high command 'll have your ears for this when you get back to paxaria ! ''	the commander-in-chief will rip your ears off when you return to paxarie ! ``
all on the wall . - haugen in the hands - .	everyone to the wall and hands on `` oki . ''
he chose to pilot eva without running away .	an evy pilot without escape route picked himself .
whoever gets his pile of stones over first is the winner .	who first moved his pile of rocks , he won .
well , excuse the fuck out of me .	oh , fucking sorry .
ki shifted his knee against the leather sack , which hung against his leg .	ki moved his knee to a leather pouch dangling over his thigh .
but that wo n't make her completely lose her eyesight .	but she would n't have lost her vision .
he photoshopped this image onto the victims ' photos .	he recorded this modified picture on the photo of the victim .
“ all of them out now ? ” a trooper asked another .	'is everyone out ? 'one soldier asked the other .
what 's a newspaper ? yeah , charlie .	what are the newspapers ?
young men swung everything , from the shoulders down .	young men ... they were all over your shoulders .
probably just one of your boyfriend playing a little joke .	i guess your friend was making a joke out of you .
i 'm assuming you saw the news about what happened to gaalan ?	i assume you 've seen reports of what happened with gaalan .
'dirty white boy ' by foreigner gave way to 'jukebox heroes ' by foreigner .	`` dirty white kid '' from forigner has been replaced by `` jughead heroes '' by foreigner .
going to slap me around a little bit ? shut off my oxygen tank ?	you gon na blow me up a little bit , choke on an oxygen bottle ?
turner risked a glance , saw a silver thread of drool descend from her rigid lips .	turner dared to look at her and saw a thin thread of saliva oozing out of her mouth .
no , i did n't ...	no , not me .
- acute vaginal candidiasis - candidal balanitis	-candidlosis of the oesophagus
look , he 's in the business of preventing crime .	look , his job is to prevent a crime .
anything from the photographs yet ?	has anything turned out to be in those photos ?
your mom and i are gon na chat for a while .	i 'll talk to your mother .
'so get nendick to bring us tonight 's tape , right now . '	`` then nendick will bring the tape from tonight . ''
you 're not thinking of buying it , are you ?	you do n't want to buy it ?
the wall has gone up in his absence ; clearly some madness has overwhelmed his home .	there was a wall here during his absence : his home was clearly obsessed with madness .
these are mr. shaw 's hand-written notes detailing his fraudulent business practices .	handwritten notes from mr. shaw describing the fraud .
i can not handle any more canned food .	i ca n't stand the canned food anymore .
she knew it was my wedding this sunday .	he knows i 'm getting married on sunday .
i 've been talking with our friends mr. wren and mr. hooke .	i have spoken to our friends , mr wren and mr hook .
ken dietrich , the executioner !	ken dietrich alias kat .
we 're talking a 24-hour incubation period .	therefore , an incubation period of 24 hours .
so , what else is new ?	so ... any other news ?
was it something he 'd eaten ?	did he swallow anything ?
it does not sound just like children who play , finds you ?	it sounds like playing kids , do n't you think ?
i 've got some serious police work to attend to .	i have an important police job to do .
it is very hard .	it 's pretty tough .
it did not account for the disobedience of my own team .	but she did n't count on my team 's disobedience .
hopefully the cold tub will get his temp down .	hopefully a cool bath will reduce his temperature .
now in lndia veer rratap singh was dead and in rakistan ... there was no sign of veer singh left	now veer pratap singh has died in india .
the whole family . the whole story .	the entire history of one family .
the pankration is n't like other contests .	these games are not like other competitions .
come on , somebody !	someone grab it !
they pitched no tents , but waited in 5 huge groups , each around 1,500 strong .	they did n't build tents , just waiting in five large groups , about fifteen hundred warriors .
how 's your afternoon ?	what do you have in the afternoon ?
papoutsia of the fatous	fatousions boty striped obuv
it 's the water splashing my face from all the fucking .	there was just a splash of water splashing in my eyes .
it 's just not ok .	this is not good .
tephanis often lamented that this ugly mutt was in no way akin to caroak .	tefanis often regretted that the ugly dog was nothing like karoak .
have a nice walk home !	enjoy your beautiful home !
i love doing it in hotels .	i like to do it at the hotel .
fine , everybody is great . doing fine .	all right . everybody 's good .
bad kids , at last !	naughty children , finally !
this is n't government issue .	it 's not government .
american one is ...	in america , it 's ...
they fucking tore him apart .	he 's been ripped apart !
they could not have guessed that murderous eyes were upon them .	they had no idea they were following the killer 's eyes .
there 's no wind .	the wind was gone .
killed her , i mean . ''	that he killed her ! ``
it seemed solid enough .	he seemed quite firm .
your x-rays do n't show a fracture .	the x-ray revealed no fracture .
my grandfather retired in the algarve , so ...	my grandfather left to spend his retirement in algarve .
29 – with regard to this complaint see below , point 77 .	29 - see paragraph 77 of that plea .
they practically have cameras mounted on every light in town .	there they have a mounted camera at virtually every semaphore .
the bodyguard is here .	there 's a bodyguard .
confirm format style sheet links	confirm links to formatting templates
what 's a flapjack ?	what is this , udidlo ?
they take the heads . they always take the heads .	they 're taking their heads off .
that prick should die .	son of a bitch deserves to die .
it just shows i can be wrong sometimes .	it turns out sometimes i 'm not right .
“ excuse me , neighbour , ” sparhawk asked a passer-by as they clattered into town .	'sorry , neighbour , 'sparhawk stopped a bystander as they drove into the village , ' is this verine ? '
he 's going to kill me .	he would have killed me for this .
that number divided itself easily into groups of identical size .	the number was easy to share in the same group .
have you been assaulted by an officer ?	were you attacked by the guard ?
what a sweet little liar	you little cute little liar .
as ernest talked he seemed in a fine passion ; his face glowed , his eyes snapped and flashed , and his chin and jaw were eloquent with aggressiveness .	his cheeks burned , his eyes flecked with lightning , and his jaw-mounted jaw and clenched jaws spoke eloquently about the man who could not be .
they never put their labels in my clothes for the same reason .	that 's why they do n't even notice any tags in my dress .
you 've always worked .	you were still working .
delicious . do you like tru ...	great truffles , delicious .
you 're a dick , right !	you 're an asshole .
are you scared ? - no .	you 're not afraid ?
back home everyone said i did n't have any talent .	at our house , everyone claimed i had no talent .
in the hospital , i had forgotten him .	i did n't remember it at the hospital .
he 'd leaned in through philips ' open door , his cheerful grin in direct contrast to martin 's scowl .	he was leaning against the open door and his affable smile contrasted sharply with martin 's frown .
all them scientists , they 're all alike !	all scientists are the same .
i been watching you ... riding safe , careful ... not taking any chances .	i 've watched you ... you drive safely , careful ... you do n't risk it .
do n't ... you motherfucker .	you son of a bitch .
have you no patriotism ?	are n't you a patriot ?
take it easy everyone .	all right , everybody , calm down .
kriechbaum , what 's your feeling ?	kriechbaum , how do you feel ?
drive out two klicks and see if the roads are clear !	go two kilometers ahead , see if the road is clear .
we ... we discussed our outstanding issues ... made a deal .	we ... we talked about unfinished business and we settled .
starts collaborating with others for application sharing .	it will begin cooperation with other users on a shared application .
i got one of these things .	i have this thing .
soren is still refusing to allow us to send teams to look for daniel .	soren still wo n't let us have any team looking for daniel .
our stock price is trading down twenty-five percent .	our trade price has dropped by 25 per cent .
... its killer pounce revealed only when time is speeded up .	his murderous lunge will be revealed only when we speed up the shots .
no trees grew there ; but among the rank grasses could still be seen the burned and axe-hewn stumps of ancient groves .	there were no trees , but the acid grass was yet to see the burnt and reclining stumps of the ancient grove .
the profit comes in proper management .	profit is undergoing a proper administration .
b. classification the table grapes are classified into three classes defined below :	class a classes table grapes shall be classified in three classes of quality :
'very bardic , the llamedese . '	'they 're very colorful , these chalamados . '
made you feel self-conscious ? you believe that ?	which charlotte do you think ?
it works , daddy ! you got it !	it 's in there , dad !
you know that guest house that we hardly ever use ?	you know we barely used the house for guests .
it was the sound of vacation dying .	this is how a dying vacation is .
this is the signaling device .	it 's a signalling device .
i talked to kirsten at the city paper .	i spoke from karsten of the city newspaper .
two major salvage operations could not possibly take place simultaneously , less than a kilometer apart .	two large rescue operations could not be performed at the same time , less than one kilometre in the area .
why were you thinking for me ?	why did he think of me ?
`` grrratch luuug raaaach aaarg . ''	`` the gripper 's got rrihar rink . ''
validity period must be no longer than 4 characters	the validity period shall not exceed 4 characters .
such long-lipped dribbles common to those ancient scholars are a curse kruppe is thankful to find extinct in our time . '	those long-eared talk as usual for old scholars is a curse , and kruppe is grateful that , in our times , they are no longer present. ``
there ’ s a question about whether or not the man had been dead prior to being attacked by the animal . ”	the point is , it 's unclear if the man was or was not dead before the animal attacked him. ``
this is a pilot program .	it 's an experimental program .
never has anyone created an army like this !	no one has ever commanded such an army .
everyone had disappeared without bothering to shut off the programs .	all these women disappeared and did n't even bother to shut down the program .
this is too stupid .	it 's so silly .
this stuff 's straight out of moscow .	this thing is directly from moscow .
many survivors of severe injuries suffer lifelong impairment .	many people who survive serious harm suffer lifelong damage .
so we 're booked on a 9:00 a.m. flight tomorrow .	we have plane tickets tomorrow morning at 9 : 00 .
run the prints from the s.u.v . against the employee database .	compare prints from him to our employees ' databases .
it is that although all men are each unique , all men are also each much the same .	but it goes to be that , even if every man is unique , all people have a lot in common .
the hairstyles of geisha have varied through history .	the hair styles changed across history .
'the master said you were very resourceful . '	`` master says you 're very imaginative . ''
i got enough of that to last me the next 10 years .	i 've got enough to keep them out for another ten years .
babies having babies .	kids who have kids .
i 've seen you watching me , wanting to make a meal out of me .	i see how you look at me and you want to have dinner with me .
if by some miracle there 's no internal bleeding , it might hold until we get somewhere safe .	if the miracle does n't come to an internal hemorrhage , maybe it will last until we get to safety .
the phrase reads , 'planet aurora , ' so i imagine this world we rest upon is named aurora , or was named aurora . ''	it was : `` planet aurora , '' well , i think we 're standing in a world called aurora , or aurora was called. ``
that may well be .	this could be good .
a user table is opened exclusively .	some of the user tables are open in exclusive mode .
oh , you 're very funny .	it 's so much fun .
take it easy , mister !	calm down , sir !
their utmost pressure—it has been calculated—can build to 3,000 kilograms on every square foot of surface they strike .	their immense pressure - as calculated - can reach up to three thousand kilograms per square foot of the water surface they attack .
the goals are still achievable , provided there is financial effort and political will from eu member states . ''	these objectives can still be achieved if eu member states make the necessary financial and political endeavours. ``
she apparently did n't agree .	she seemed to disagree .
but it 's temporary .	yeah , but only temporarily .
they 're giving me a baby !	they 'll give me the baby .
thank you . i really appreciate it .	i 'm very grateful .
what ifi 'm just living in my pink bedroom alone forever ?	what if i live in my pink room by myself ?
a crisis had come in world affairs .	the global economic crisis erupted .
it is a responsibility incumbent on every citizen and every country .	this responsibility must be borne by all citizens in all countries .
how was your teacher ? -bald .	what 's the teacher like ?
i am not leaving .	i 'm not going !
quite near here ? ''	so close to here ? ``
five irradiation facilities did not irradiate any food during 2009 .	in five facilities , no food was irradiated in 2009 .
but we are not sure quite who and what should be unmasked .	we 're not entirely sure who or what it is to decloak .
bastard , an adult is talking .	son of a bitch , he 's a grown-up .
so this broad signal up here is missing down here .	that wide signal on top is missing below .
this guy 's talent is fooling people into trusting him .	this guy has a knack for persuading people to trust him .
shit . i give and i give and i give and i give and i give .	shit , i 'm just giving and giving and giving .
he indicated a , large doorway .	he pointed at the big door .
life is hard .	our lives are difficult .
you do n't know nothing .	you have no idea .
you know nothing of my	you do n't know anything about me .
reset defaults mode arguments :	arguments for system restore default :
she didn ’ t see joey watching the cab until it disappeared from view .	she did n't see joey look behind his car until he got out of sight .
you ca n't do that with fire .	it 's not the fire .
i tell you , i never saw dead people smoke before !	i 've never seen a corpse smoking !
start her on chelation .	begin with the chelating .
i fear that i can not say the same thing and about you .	i 'm afraid i wo n't be able to say this about you .
about fifty kilometers from here .	about 50 miles away .
for children ' then .	so , for the kids .
no , i 'm not going to leave you !	i wo n't leave you here .
that place does not exist .	there 's no such place .
she 's crazy with a side of crazy .	he 's crazy about the other .
we got four hours until your bedtime , and we are gon na drill .	we have four hours before we go to sleep , so we 'll be training .
men from mars , maybe ? ''	maybe the people of mars ? ``
i only hope other people have insecurity to protect their families .	i hope others will take nato to protect his family .
i keep saying , reply and reply all should not be next to each other .	i keep saying that answering and answering everyone should n't be so close together .
my first try with these things , took off flying .	in my first attempt , they all flew away .
this results in bleeding within the skull .	the result is bleeding inside the brain .
the next couple days are gon na tell us a lot .	we 'll know more in the next few days .
and finally there he was .	it 's finally here .
worth the gamble to keep his confidence .	in keeping his trust , it 's worth it .
could you just drive ?	would you mind driving ?
nokoaht of the kickapoo .	noko-aht from kikapi ?
regina kroit , angela zeva and andrea lumen to each serve a total sentence in prison of four years and three months .	angela zieber and andrea luhmann , you will be in prison for the duration of ... ... 4 years and 3 months .
you were saving someone 's life .	you saved other lives .
you 're gon na whack malatesta .	so you want to kill malatesta .
what do you mean it 's an emergency ?	how urgent is this ?
i 'm not seeing a propensity for violence .	i do n't see the tendency to commit violence .
this was all he kept at this bank ?	the bank only had this on ?
they killed one child . do we wan na stand around while they kill another ?	one kid was killed , you want to stand there and wait until he kills another ?
to make more disk space available , delete some unneeded files on your hard disk .	clear a disk space by removing unnecessary files .
`` come along . ''	`` let 's go ! ''
anyone infected with the strain they 're using will be dead within days .	every infected tribe they use dies within a few days .
a painter lived here during world war l .	there was a painter living in the war .
it 's gon na be my pleasure serving with you .	and i 'm glad to be able to serve with you .
this is for rusty 's sake .	it 's in rusty 's interest .
these may also include rules on social security for third-country nationals .	the legislation relating to the social security of third-country nationals ( 27 ) can be included here .
what a great stage !	what an amazing show !
keep away or we'il start throwing bodies out , one at a time .	stay back , or we 'll start throwing corpses away any minute .
my cab struck that bus in our rush to the airport .	my car collided with the bus as we sped .
my transporter power is down to minimal .	i have the power of the transporter at a minimum .
yeah . so , you a jehovah witness now ?	so you 're at the jehovah 's witnesses ?
the palestinian national authority	palestine 's national authorization
eveyone 's singing a happy song	they all sing happy songs
and the beauty of a flawless pearl .	it 's like a perfect pearl .
i started boxing when i was twelve years old and i lied and said i was eighteen or whatever it was .	when i was 12 years old , i lied to be 18 , i had a different name .
there 's no condoms .	we do n't have condoms .
the public should not know that using a robott may be dead .	the public must not be aware that the use of alternates can be fatal .
she 's not offended .	she did n't offend .
i always thought dad liked hunting .	i thought my father likes to be hunted .
you certainly have grown up to be quite the pretty young lady under all that makeup .	i 'm sure she grew up in a beautiful young girl with lots of makeup .
i 'm so sorry it took that mess up in hilliard to get you down here .	i 'm sorry there had to be such a thing for hilliard to bring you here .
tsh't signaled assent with a jaw clap , although her eyes were heavy with reservation .	tika 's jaw dropped for approval , though her eyes were clear .
i wo n't give it up because i put a 5 ring on your finger in front of elvis !	i 'm not gon na give up 'cause i gave you a ring for $ 5 before elvis as a witness !
entire feature will be unavailable	the whole feature wo n't be available .
come on , get your stuff .	grab your stuff and let 's go .
was that l1 ,000 reward all right ?	is there really a reward of £1,000 ?
bathing in the sea .	i took a bath at sea .
my daughter was happy , but my wife got angry , because it polluted the carpet	my daughter was thrilled and the wife was upset 'cause she got her carpets dirty .
wifac submitted an acceptable offer and we took a small team to kba ’ s production plant in radebeul .	witech gave us a very plausible offer , and i went to the kba factory in radebeulu with the small team .
i got ta flip the switch before the flame runs out .	i have to turn it on before the fire goes off .
this was n't about ordering pantyhose for some bigwig 's teenage daughter .	it was n't an order of trousers for a teenage daughter of a papal .
oh , i 'm so sorry . i 'm so sorry .	excuse me . excuse me .
built in the 1800s -- nobody uses 'em now .	built in 1800 ... no one 's using it anymore .
detonation in ten , nine ...	explosion at 10 ... 9 ...
did he phone or threaten you ?	is he calling you , threatening ?
of the natividad all that could be seen was her high smoke cloud and the single topmast jutting out from it .	only a large plume of smoke was visible from the natividad , from which a single mast protruded .
but there 's a 2-year waiting list !	but the waiting period for the list is two years .
it 's so stupid .	seriously , this is so silly .
vial label – concentrate 80 mg/2.88 ml	bottle label - concentrát 80 mg / 2.88 ml
danger : premises have been fumigated withmethyl bromide no admittance for 72 hours	danger : smoked methyl bromide.do n't take 72 hours .
i 'm not buying into any faith when i enter , am i ? '	if i come in , i wo n't take any faith , will i ? ``
`` it escapes me .	`` she 's fled to me !
and pulled out her mini helvetia , snapped two frames .	whereupon she took out the mini helvetii and stuffed two shots .
you wan na remain in the cell ?	you want to stay in jail ?
i 'm gon na sue everybody .	i 'll sue everyone !
for i 'm selling the thing	because i sell a thing
pity you ca n't eat pirates , really .	it 's too bad you 're not eating pirates .
his eyes slipped shut and he slept deeply again .	his eyes slowly closed , and hilly fell into a deep sleep .
on 18/04/1864 , in redoubt , here fell kaptsur lundbye -	in these places , 18-4 , 1864 kapt fell .
told me to get my fat ass behind the plate .	i 'm supposed to go to my fat ass with my fat ass .
they 're animals , essentially .	it 's basically just animals .
i 'll expect you for dinner .	i 'm waiting for your lunch .
they 're gon na try to cover their tracks .	they 'll try to track down the clues .
it 's the fbi lady and two cops .	this is a woman from the fbl and two policemen .
this is to confirm that you have been rescued by angel ...	it 's confirmed that angel saved you .
well , that must be because i 'm an escaped mental patient .	that 's probably because i 'm a mentally ill person on the run .
i must watch out for my nerves . i 'm getting haggard , i know .	i got ta keep an eye on my nerves .
just the reward , up front .	only the reward and the advance .
was she in debt ?	did she have any debts ?
tate used to spit on girls and make his friends laugh .	this kid tate spat at girls and laughed at everyone .
how could kendal make sure her own perfection would n't scare away ryan ... ... the love of her life ?	how do you do it so it does n't scare ryan off his perfection ... ... with his life love ?
i 'm just helping you to get dressed .	i 'll just help you put on your clothes .
the mantrid drones contain relatively simple processors , all that was needed for the simple tasks they were designed for .	mantrid 's drones are equipped with simple processors that allow them to carry out only simple tasks assigned to them .
and what is he playing ?	what do they play ?
unable to install messenger	the messenger installation failed .
there 's people gon na die .	people will be dying here .
with some words from teresio delfino , vice minister , ministry of agriculture and forestry policies	a few words teresia delfina , deputy minister of agricultural and forestry policy
vertical channels formed by water flow .	they 're vertical tunnels , deep water currents .
it seems like all your talking is making you sick .	sounds like you 're sick of the story .
examples of contracting entities : - veolia voda česká republika , a.s .	- `` водоснаби и канализация '' - еоод , басково .
i 'm quoting here from the article .	that 's a quote from that article .
are wigs from dead barristers ?	a wig of dead lawyers ?
the commission therefore accepts them as eligible expenditure .	accordingly , the commission agrees to include those costs among the admissible .
directive 98/50/ec , referred to above , refines this concept in the light of the considerable volume of court of justice case-law .	the abovementioned directive 98 / 50 / ec clarifies that concept on the basis of the rich case-law of the court of justice .
the pope has proclaimed that after 2000 year , christ is been born again .	the pope declared that over two thousand years , christ was reborn .
oh , this is crap .	that 's bullshit .
you 're husband 's sick .	your husband is ill .
we'il reply to violence with violence .	`` violence is responsible for violence .
would the major like some ?	do you want a little major ?
everybody knows them , everybody recognizes them .	everyone knows it , everyone has experienced it .
`` has my dad been ? ''	`` was your father home ? ''
mom used to get into bar fights !	mom took part in a bar fight !
margaret he succeeded in putting from his mind almost at once ;	he had managed to forget about margaret immediately ;
gon na ask some of you questions .	i want to ask them a few questions .
before fighting with me you must break through the two swords	before you fight me you have to get over two swords .
`` you do n't either !	`` it 's not true !
the sound she had heard was a bar of iron that sealed the gate at night .	the sound she heard belonged to an iron tycoon , which closed the gates for the night .
why is he so much in debt ?	why does he have such debts ?
you sure there 's nothing i can do ?	i 'm sure i ca n't help you ?
go grab a rifle .	get yourself a gun .
i 've been up for 36 fucking hours !	i have n't slept in 36 hours .
all metal objects must be placed in a tray .	you have to put all the metal stuff on the tray .
no drugs at all ?	not even any other drugs ?
people would come from miles around to ...	people crossed for miles to look .
but some decent citizens who do care about the public welfare ... ... and who stand behind moral principles ...	but decent citizens , what they see in general well-being ... ... and standing up for moral principles ...
all hail ! miss chacha has arrived from the north .	ms. chaka had just arrived at the north tower .
it is n't good nor bad .	she 's not good or bad .
maybe everyone has a part of themselves they hide .	maybe every one of us is hiding something .
setup expense code relations with a ledger	set up relationship code relationships and ledger
an aerial search the following day failed to produce anything .	there was no trace of the air search on the day .
de europa server is tijdelijk niet beschikbaar onze excuses voor het eventuele ongemak .	- restitutie geldig voor ... ton ( hoeveelheid waarvoor het certificaat wordt afgegeven )
chinese firms took over that business in only a year .	chinese companies have passed within a single year .
what was her weakness ?	what 's his weaknesses ?
per 50 mg reconstituted myocet so that a final concentration of 0.4 mg/ml to 1.2 mg/ml doxorubicin is obtained .	the resulting reconstituted myocet contains 50 mg doxorubicin hydrochloride / 25 ml concentrate designed to prepare an infusion liposomal dispersion ( 2 mg / ml ) .
i saw somebody in there !	i see someone inside !
day list by sections	list of days divided into parts
“ mr . hooke pursues various schemes and intrigues against oldenburg— ”	'mr hooke is devising various pics and scheming against oldenburg - '
all you had to do was talk to me !	you should have just talked to me .
i think they 're cute .	i think it 's nice !
then began their work .	then they started working .
this party however did not provide any supporting evidence for the above allegations .	however , the latter has provided no evidence to substantiate the above claims .
she stepped out as the skiff came to ground , her bare feet quick and sure on the damp landing .	as soon as the boat had reached the bottom , jhirun jumped into the water and her bare feet moved quickly , moving swiftly for the wet stones .
but there were mazianni at every visible hallway .	but in every corridor he saw , they were maziane .
doctor , it 's going to hit any second !	doctor , we 'll break down every second !
almost got you killed when it misfired once !	he nearly killed you once he accidentally fired !
business contact manager add-in for outlook is vital for the business contact manager to function correctly within the outlook application	`` business contact manager in outlook should be able to ensure proper functionality .
he looks at you likehe 's trying to memorize your body for a 10-year prison stretch .	he 's looking at you like you want to fixin 'your body in memory , ' cause he 's going to jail for ten years .
have to empty it each morning .	we bring him out every morning .
they fucked up our planet . life eats life .	fuck our planet , life is eating !
anything can happen : ulric could suffer a stroke ; plague could hit the nadir forces .	ulrika 's early stroke , the nadir army may hit a molar blow .
we 'll get support from paris .	paris will help us .
i work with oils .	i 'm in oil .
the fire was meant to kill one man .	the fire should have killed a single man .
radovan vávra chairman and chief executive komerční banka , a. s .	radovan vávra , director-general and chairman of the board of directors
it is too rash , too unadvised , too sudden ; too like the lightning , which doth cease to be ere one can say `` it lightens. ``	she 's too hasty , too hasty , too hasty , too , like a bolt of lightning before you 'd say , `` there 's a flash . ''
i am that leadership !	i 'm the lead .
therefore it is the order of the court ... - they stole her . - the custody of emma sullivan ...	that 's why this court orders you to steal it . - you stole it . - it 's for emma sullivan 's guardianship . - please !
staff shall be trained on potential hazardous properties that may be associated with aluminium scrap and on material components or features that allow hazardous properties to be recognised .	staff must undergo training on possible hazardous properties related to aluminium waste and materials materials and characteristics that allow for the recognition of these dangerous properties .
nobody 's gon na kill you !	no one wants you killed .
i ai n't doing no stupid shit like that !	i 'm not gon na do any of this shit !
everything 's gon na be all right , okay ?	everything will be fine .
he 's the one who saves mankind .	he will save humanity .
come over here , you bastard , and set me free !	come here , you son of a bitch .
i 've come to say i 'll vote for you on monday .	i wanted to tell you that i 'm voting tomorrow for you .
'i was n't sleeping . '	`` i did n't sleep . ''
and so are your girls .	same as your daughters .
look , enough talk .	there 's been enough talk !
she wo n't stop now	he 's not gon na stop now .
he wo n't have anything left .	there 's nothing left for him .
then you ai n't getting no coke .	you wo n't get any coke !
everybody over eighteen could vote .	everyone who had been 18 had been able to vote .
we must have better than three ounces here .	there 's got to be a good three ounces .
ugh , this is n't fair !	it 's not fair .
they clapped when the robed man got it under control .	they applauded when the man in the robe controlled him .
get your supper .	go to dinner .
listen i can hear music	listen to the music .
50,000 and it takes 100 to kill a man ?	50 grand and you 'll be killed by a hundred ?
his fists , huge brown rocks at the ends of those arms ' were closed .	the fist , the large , brown rock at the end of his arm , was clenched .
the back leather 's torn .	his skin is torn from behind .
'maybe that 's just tattersail 's memories… undressing him , ' mallet commented .	'perhaps this will be taken off by former tattersail , 'klara said .
i 'd hoped those warnings were wrong .	i hoped they had warned me needlessly .
her feet must have been enormous !	she must have had huge feet .
you are the judges of fact .	you 're a judge of facts .
but mr helmar had already made a definite proposal .	however , mr helmar made the final suggestion .
`` i s-sent out a memorandum while you were b-being cleansed . ''	`` while you 've cleaned up , r-i made m-m-a memorandum . ''
perhaps you can return the favor someday .	maybe you can come back for me sometime .
i write hundreds of emails .	i wrote the e-mails .
`` the sun dims into twilight ' moon beams simmer brightly ''	`` the sun fading out at dusk the moon shines bright
i 'm not sure what you were reading , tom ... ... but this is very dark stuff , very dark indeed	tom , i do n't know what you read , but it 's really dark magic .
the rite of ashkente , quite simply , summons and binds death .	the ashes-ente ceremony is simply summoning and bound by death .
dad 's been injured .	my father was hurt .
soon the noise deepened and grew loud enough for the rest of them to hear .	soon the sound became even deeper and louder that others had heard .
an unusual taste !	you have extraordinary taste .
`` what a revolting creature . ''	`` what an evil beast ! ''
i 'm staying right here outside the blast zone .	i 'll stay out of the explosion zone .
somebody must be collecting them .	someone has to collect them .
it 's not gon na work .	this is not going to work .
accordions and similar instruments mouth organs brass-wind instruments wind musical instruments ( excl . organs and brass-wind instruments )	towing harmonies and similar instruments foutering harmonies dech instruments for the deer instrument instruments ( other than testicles and seed breath instruments )
today indians all over the world making the india the proud so why are you thinking the so small ?	today indians around the world make india a good name , so why do you feel so petty .
mobile eyebrows swooped downward , and his tone was suddenly cool .	the shifting brows went down , his tone suddenly cold .
she 's got ta see the judge tomorrow .	he must go to court tomorrow .
much larger , coming towards us .	he 's much bigger and closer to us .
view in developer tools	show in tool for developers
all european airports are under lockdown . but we have been given priority status and cleared for landing .	all of europe 's airports were closed , but we were assigned priority status and we got permission to land .
bullshit you are asshole .	son of a bitch .
mum , we 're eating !	mom , let 's have dinner !
although i did have one pretty great adventure .	but i 've had a pretty good adventure .
you go back in time six weeks because that 's when it booked up .	go back six weeks at a time , because there was writing at the time .
had perhaps even planned it , the whole thing .	she might even have planned this , all of this .
smokin ' them goddamn cigarettes .	by smoking those damn cigarettes .
orders had been given and carried out .	he gave orders and they were fulfilled .
ferriera looked at him levelly and did not answer , wearing the same twisted smile .	ferriera looked in his eyes and did n't answer , but he was still smiling and crooked .
this is my gift to you . ''	it 's my present for you . '
your old man fuck your ass ?	does your guy do your shit ?
your lady was n't so bad herself .	your lady did not go wrong either .
who are you calling a moron ?	who do you call an idiot ?
have you ever worked in color ?	did he ever work with the colors ?
however , our computers do calculate possible risks to our actives .	but ... our computers are counting the risks for our agents .
this is destiny .	it 's fate !
are you hearing some noises ?	do you hear any noise ?
get the fuck out with that shit !	fuck off with this bullshit .
those men that came in here -- they 're still outside .	the guys who came in here are still out there .
secess ' has got to be swept away by the hand of god ... like the jews of old .	you know , the southerners must be swept up in the hands of a lord like the jews .
they may not be terrestrials .	maybe it 's not earthmen .
means of transport more than 75 years old .	traffic over the age of 75 .
you got a second to talk ?	can we talk for a minute ?
william morris ... 17 king edwards street , near st. paul 's .	the streets of king edvard 17 , near the cathedral .
wow . that 's actually real ?	is that really happening ?
does anything ever happen here ?	is there ever something going on ?
i mean , at least on that website .	at least according to the site .
nobody 's truck 's as clean as yours .	no one has a clean car like yours .
the perfect finish the last story .	and that 's a nice ending to our last story .
there are your hills .	here 's your hill .
everyone is afraid and anxious .	they 're all scared and scared .
that dirty bitch ! oh , god !	this filthy whore !
let 's get our trays ready .	we 'll have our bowls ready .
just hurry , will you ?	hurry up , please .
i do not think we can 100 % with only 4 of them .	i think if there 's only four , we wo n't get 100 per cent .
looks like a pipe probably .	pipe seems to be the most likely .
they 're forbidden .	it 's banned !
why , mr van damm ... ... you are jewish !	but mr. van damme , you 're jewish .
so maybe they 're not stealing the gold to resell it .	maybe the gold did n't steal for resale .
his wife is spending moscow 's rubles like mad for every ache i can find a name for . ''	his wife spends moscow roubles as crazy as any trouble i can devise a name for. ``
i 've seen them on films ,	i saw them in the movie .
`` rainier valley college . ''	high school in ranier valley .
i call you by your name because i can no longer call you `` father ! ''	i 'm telling you on your behalf , 'cause i ca n't even call you my father anymore .
instantly a score of cruel fangs and keen talons were sunk into my flesh ; cold , sucking lips fastened themselves upon my arteries .	and in an instant , my flesh sank into my flesh , its claws in my flesh ; a cool sagging mouth clung to my veins .
sell 'em a used phone .	sales used their phones .
everything is prepared .	it 's all set .
if someone was wearing a shifu mask .	if somebody does n't wear shiite 's mask .
justin was mad like maman 's mad .	justin was upset as a mum .
the time travel must 've affected the timer .	the journey over time could have damaged the clock .
there 's somebody outside .	someone 's out there !
preference shall be given to measures limiting emissions at their sources .	it will take precedence measures to limit emissions at source .
how 's old renaud ?	what about old renard ?
then you will not need it .	then you wo n't be needing this .
it had occurred to the children to give the bell an extra ring `` every time such an act had been consummated , much to martha 's confusion . ''	there were signs that the children had always had an extra ring to the bell whenever the act was completed and they were often so confused by martha .
an optometer is an instrument for measuring refractive errors in eyes-in order that corrective lenses may be prescribed .	an optometer is a device for measuring refractive defects of the eye -- a necessary device for prescribing correct correct spectacles .
not slaves , not animals .	neither slaves nor beasts .
article 24 land and buildings there shall be no need to value a plot of land or a building which has been transferred subject to conditions precedent .	article 24 of the land and buildings of the land and buildings , which were stolen by previous owners with balance-sheet conditions , may not be valued .
and shieldbreaker 's rhythm , perhaps keeping time with the heart it pierced , went thudding softly down into silence .	and the rhythmic thumping of the sword warrior , in accordance with the heartbeat of the accursed heart , was slowly dozing in sudden silence .
fiben wheezed and sought frantically for a foothold .	fiben rasped , desperately searching for a place to grab his feet .
he 's only a bairn . what about giving him a childhood ?	what did he give him to do with his childhood ?
the community ’ s own resources are made up of receipts of a very diverse nature which come under systems which are equally diverse .	the community 's own resources consist of income which is very different in nature and falls into schemes that are also different .
what 's up , ladies ?	how are you ladies ?
do you play for a team ?	are you guys playing ?
and while her skin color is indeed quite lustrous , it 's really not the tone you would have found among africans of the day .	and even though she has a really obvious complexion , it 's not really the shade you 'd find in the africans at the time .
when he 'd gone wellesley went shakily back indoors .	as he walked away , wellesley came back into the house .
oh . - you 've forgotten it ?	did you forget him ?
the citadel was n't designed to hold common criminals .	the citadel has not proposed for ordinary criminals .
no freedom of speech , eh ?	we do n't have freedom of expression ?
you are considering that if you conduct a fair trial which was your promise , you may lose .	you fear that if there is a proper process , as you have promised , you could lose .
madeline tore them open with shaking fingers , began to read with swift , dim eyes .	madeline opened her trembling fingers , quickly reading the cloudy eyes .
take advantage of the pleasant setting before boarding the airplane – smoking area	use a pleasant sitting before boarding a plane - a smoking establishment
she 's not gon na compromise .	he wo n't compromise .
that it 's warped not wanting some animals to suffer for no good reason ?	what is perverse about letting the animal suffer for nothing ?
there are only a gun , motherfucker !	you 're not alone with guns , bitch .
hey , guess who got married today ?	guess who had the wedding today .
dockapp that shows information for all interfaces	dockable application showing information about all interfaces
task force ranger was two hours into a mission that was supposed to have taken an hour .	the rangers `` strike had been two hours in a mission expected to last forty minutes .
are you within 100 meters yet ?	you 're closer than a hundred yards ?
you know , find escaped prisoners and rescue damsels in distress .	in search of fugitive detainees and ... a rescue of the ladies in distress .
is this your first time ... ... with something like me ?	you 're the first time i 've ever done something like mine ?
twenty seconds to detonation .	there 's 20 seconds left in the explosion .
your humanity is not required here in the factory .	at home , the factory does n't demand humanity .
barely 90 over 40 .	ninety to forty .
for every new 100 grammes of weight she 'll tear out 100 grammes of your meat .	for every hundred grams that she 's got , she 'll have a hundred grams of meat .
oh , good lads , how do you both ?	how are you two doing , dear boys ?
mr dawson , it 's been a pleasure .	mr. dawson , nice to meet you .
my mother has been through so much , okay .	my mother 's done very well , all right .
doors closed again .	close the door .
his dad made her perform demeaning sex acts with prostitutes and then he forced young daniel to watch .	his dad made it , performing degrading sexual practices with prostitutes , and little daniel had to look at it .
are you going to ?	and will you do it ?
it seems a pity to waste such power .	is n't it a shame to waste that force on this ?
shall there never be a life for us ?	wo n't we have a life together ?
did i hear something ?	what have i heard ?
perhaps tullius did not come today .	maybe tullius is n't coming .
mum ! dad 's not moving !	the father is n't moving .
lump says the guy was mexican . - mayan .	lumpy said he was a mexican .
it was n't him .	he 's not .
he escaped , however .	but he managed to escape .
i 'm sure you'il be very happy in the new wing , mrs hartong .	you 're gon na love this new wing , mrs. hartong .
begs to excuse her .	she 's begging you to apologize .
for reservations , call toll-free 1-800-759 ...	to make a reservation , call 1-800-759-3000 .
so , sonny , you 've been helping the polacks ?	what , son ... did the lashi help you ?
after you 've killed someone ...	when you kill someone ,
this is no charade .	it 's not a charade .
you ca n't involve me in a lie and that 's all it is , is a lie .	i 'm not going to be dragged into a lie , and this is nothing more than lies .
i 'm here because of a murder investigation .	i came for an investigation into the murder .
hang on a tick .	wait a minute ...
could you bring those here too ?	can you also bring them to me ?
first it 's catalog .	first into the catalogue .
it killed everybody on the gun crew but weary .	he killed an entire crew of guns , except for weary .
'then hal ca n't have seen one , ' said ted .	`` jindra could n't see him there , '' ted said .
st. francis was much disposed to laughter .	st francis laughed really .
nobody is to know about this .	no one knows about it .
`` can you recall him from your childhood ? ''	`` remember him when he was a kid ? ''
social conditions vary greatly both within and between the various european countries .	these social framework conditions show significant differences in different countries in europe and between different countries .
our crews undergo regular first-aid training .	our crews are regularly trained in the area of first aid .
ois anti-shake enabling the ois anti-shake function will avoid blurry photos caused by hand shake .	ois against the upheavals the ois function against shocks may prevent blurred images resulting from a stirrup of hands .
the little fuckin ' shit .	son of a bitch .
uh , it 's possible that somebody disconnected it , though .	someone may have disconnected him , but ...
my daddy would kill him if he was here and somebody was mean to mama .	if dad were here , he would kill the one who threatened his mom .
i do n't do that .	i 'm not doing that !
it was the most surprise i 'd ever seen from him .	i never meant a bigger surprise to him .
honestly , which one ?	frankly , what of them ?
batch post purchase invoices	batch billing sales invoice
that 's how the romans frighten the enemy ...	so the romans intimidate their enemies .
is something here amiss ?	is there a problem ?
who are you gon na partner with ...	who you will have for your partner ,
has anybody heard from gibbs ?	does anyone know about gibbs ?
come on jack .	let 's go , jack !
one 's an incident . two 's coincidence . three 's a pattern .	one is an accident , two are coincidences , three is intent .
i 'm a man with 50 minutes to live .	the man who 's got 50 minutes of his life .
theyre making tools now , and theyve learned how to build fires .	they 're already making tools and they know how to set up a fire .
stock prices go up and down so quickly nowadays	stock prices are now rising rapidly .
stooling is when you rat on your friend ... the guys you 're with .	the snitch is the one who snitches on a friend , on his own .
back ... the fuck off !	back up , damn it !
with fingers which were still leaden from sleep he drew laces tight and tied fumbling knots .	his fingers , heavy with sleep , tightened his shoelaces and tied them awkwardly .
nobody does not love you as much as me .	no one in the world loves you the way i love you !
swap boots with the new one .	change his shoes for new .
just not one that makes sense .	it just does n't make sense .
these are the furies .	this is fúria .
where is jonah wasswa ?	where 's jon asoa ?
here , is n't that ... .	it 's not ... .
kill the wife , kill the teenager .	i 'm killing his wife and that teenager ...
i got a bus to catch .	i 'm praising for the bus .
food and supplies precede an army . there 's an old saying ...	food and supplies are preceded by the military .
'without doubt , i made an error in trusting the word of geronimo ' ... that he would surrender .	`` i certainly made a mistake when i believed geronimo 's pledge , '' that he would give up .
agreement has been reached .	the deal was achieved .
before the night fell taug killed gunto , picking a quarrel with him over his attack upon tarzan .	by the night he died , he killed taug gunn because he wanted to attack his friend .
group 's getting bigger .	the group is growing .
that 's awful !	this is really terrible !
so how is everything ?	how 's it going ?
he sees you coming for him 2 years from now .	he knows you 're going after him in two years .
that ai n't a fucking bed .	this is not a fucked-up bed .
there 's a `` but '' coming .	now comes the `` ale . ''
joe 's coming back is n't he ?	joe will come back , right ?
czech airlines complied with all requirements and passed the audit with no findings .	in all directions , czech airlines performed key standards and audited results without a single finding .
it 's unbelievable trin .	this is incredible , trin .
no , i mean here in the city .	i meant to stay in this town .
that is very clear .	it 's obvious .
mom ! - because the mothers ...	because their mother --
you have an early flight tomorrow .	you 're leaving early in the morning .
.3 breadth of the ship is the extreme width from outside of frame to outside of frame at or below the deepest subdivision load line .	3 the width of the ship shall be the maximum width between the external edges of the ribs , measured at the lowest conductors of division or below .
but the time may come when we will have to take greater risks .	but there may be a time when it takes more risk .
we 've got a bus .	we 'll take the bus
`` voot 's beard , '' she whispered with a bogus look of alarm , `` you mean i 've got to go through that again ? ''	'voot 's beard , 'she whispered in mock horror , ' what do you mean , i 'm going to have to go through it again ? '
very simple , really .	it 's really easy .
contact oﬃce prague 14 generála janouška 844/18 , 198 00 prague 9	praha 14 general janouška 844 / 18 , 198 00 praha9
these ships are drawing us away from the weapon .	these boats want to get us out of the gun .
and that 's how you ask ?	is that what you 're asking ?
with the clang of steel rebounding against steel , the capsule came to a stop .	something had stopped the container ; there was a shrill sound of steel hitting steel .
it 's historically incorrect .	this is not historically correct .
coronary thrombolysis may result in arrhythmias associated with reperfusion .	coronary thrombosis may lead to a diffuse arrhythmia .
you understand how serious it is if you get mad at them , or if you hit them the way you hit amy carnath . ''	you know what you 're going to do when you 're bad for them or when you hit them like amy carnath . '
want a little sambuca ?	you want some hooch ?
yep , keeps my junk looking eternally youthful .	yeah , my junk looks like it 's forever young .
ice does n't really help the uncoordinated .	ice is not helping the nemethels like me .
big stuff goin ' on here .	big things happen here ... big .
precautions to prevent that scenario have been put in place .	measures were already taken to prevent such a situation .
nathan went , spoke to a doctor , a woman doctor .	nathan talked to one of the doctors there .
so , the kids might be afraid of a regular person ?	so is it possible those kids are afraid of humans ?
god ! fuck off , shithead !	fuck you , asshole .
my friend nicholas and i have had a little chat ... ... and agreed it was best all around .	i was talking to nicolas , my friend , and we decided it would be best .
targets that i 've taken out .	the goals i have done .
kirill ? is that you ?	you 're not kiril ?
still , nobody deserves ending up like ... that .	but no one deserves to end up like this .
that ... that 's the future !	this is the future .
the lift does n't work .	the elevator 's not working .
i 'd hoped to talk with you .	i was hoping we could talk .
leebig might not have been listening .	leebig did n't seem to be listening .
the legal speed limit all over the country was fifty-five miles an hour and the long-haul truckers had almost revolted over that .	there was a maximum speed of fifty-five miles across the country ; long-distance chauffeurs almost rebelled over it .
it was a tough job .	it 's hard work .
there 's something terribly wrong with him .	something terrible is happening to him .
a few analysts got it right .	several analysts had figured it out .
go to your mother ...	go play with your mom .
tonight 's supper will be baked beans .	for dinner today , they 'll be cooked beans .
his/her husband has been one precious help in you finish them weeks .	your husband 's been helping me a few weeks .
she had a fractured wrist .	her wrist was broken .
thanks , i will deal with it myself .	thanks . i can do this by myself .
i 'll go mad !	i 'm going crazy .
really sorry about all this , dude .	we 're so sorry for everything .
put it on over my butt .	he covers my ass .
combination therapy in renal allograft recipients	combined therapy with renal allogeneic graft
islamic insurgency was a factor in the 1990s tajik civil war , which many fear could reoccur .	islamist riots were one of the factors involved in the 1990 `` s civil war , many fearful of returning .
all this grandfather business , and making me think you like me .	everything with my grandfather , i should have thought you liked me .
what flight were you on ?	which was the flight ?
failed to schedule program .	the program can not be planned .
you took that pledge .	you made a promise .
it will have a mean weight .	there will be an average weight .
oh . wow ! that 's amazing .	this is incredible .
are you a mind reader ?	can you read minds ?
neither has the false king , joffrey .	not even a fake king joffrey .
no , stop saying `` cheated . ''	do n't say `` cheat . ''
i do like a nice loo .	i love beautiful toilets .
firstly makkhanchand 's marriage was hijacked .	first he screwed up makhanchang 's wedding .
is the mattress in your room comfortable ?	do you have a comfortable mattress ?
in which case , she 's somebody who 's learnt to look after herself .	in that case she is someone who has learned how to take care of herself .
i said leave it !	i told you to let it go .
at cost , naturally .	for money , of course .
touching the glory ?	did they touch fame ?
i need to be left alone .	just leave me alone .
charlie had a sudden longing for his own home , back in north tkjstin .	charlie was suddenly stitched up about his own house in north tustin .
my luck 's run out .	luck has left me .
i just kind of sweep at him with it and he goes .	i 'm gon na sweep him up and he 's on his own .
we try it again .	let 's try this one more time .
the great sickness has come .	a great disease came .
your mother - a happy man .	your mom is a lucky person .
he got suddenly to his feet , pushing his chair back .	he pushed his chair away and stood up abruptly .
it is bad luck .	he was out of luck .
at last i decided my best course was to continue this long life as well as i was able . ''	i finally decided that the best thing would be to live the long life as best as possible. ``
i 'm sorry , what 's the term ?	excuse me , what do you call it ?
i 'm just trapped in a walking person 's body .	trapped in the body of a man who can walk .
possibly even being responsible for the old woman 's terrible nightmares . '	`` she may even be responsible for her terrible dreams . ''
you want a snack ?	would you like some dessert ?
i am so sick of being pregnant . god !	oh , i 'm so tired of that pregnancy !
we ai n't nothing but disaster .	this is nothing more than one big disaster .
transcode only when source and destination file formats different	convert only if source and target file format differs
i hope you will .	i 'll be hoping .
this is your third year as gamemaker .	you 're the game-maker for the third year .
this is seorak mountain .	these are the mountains of seorak .
yeah , you saw it ?	did you see him ?
if things are tough ... ... double your efforts	when something goes wrong , ... double the effort
the price is $ 75 a fuck , my friend .	it 's $ 75 per number , buddy .
is n't it a neat house ?	nice house , huh ?
and then , you 're joking , this is a joke ?	are you kidding me ?
your son is sleeping right upstairs .	our son sleeps right up there .
then let me be very clear . okay ?	i 'll make this very clear , okay ?
'without even telling us ? ' vanion objected .	'did n't you tell us ? 'vanion objected .
everybody will be fighting over those shoes .	they all fight about your shoes .
border check by the service commissioned by the administration ( physical and documentary check ) :	control at the borders of the entity entrusted with the administrative authorities ( file and physical control ) :
just two of them now .	there were only two .
had the male assaulted the female ?	was he the one who attacked the woman ?
were you hit in the nose ? .	did you get a nose job ?
move out , guys .	keep moving , boys .
oh , boy , the number 's lousy .	god , this is a bad number .
the living member -- that makes the living insult , my little man .	a live limb - that is a live insult , my friend .
i 'm gon na protect those pilots .	we 'll protect the pilots
using him and dex to clear bombs out of buildings you were looting .	you used it to remove ... ... the bombs from the buildings you looted .
'lady bon anna smile on me .	`` good lady anne , smile for me .
i think i 'll put a nice schmear on it .	i guess i 'll have a good pepperoni for that .
let me carry one of the instruments .	let me get you an instrument .
cogline wheeled on her , bristling .	cogline turned to her and bristled .
you were concerned about hurting me ?	you care if you hurt me ?
i thought maybe somebody ought to .	i thought someone should have done it .
they do n't allow pets at school .	in school , pets are not allowed .
you ca n't fake that .	it 's not a fake .
did n't do it . lawyer fucked me .	the lawyer screwed up .
you and mr. nels– ''	you and mr nels - ``
we made that decision based on customer preference .	we have decided based on our customers `` preferences .
i have these thoughts about ... pushing a pen up my bum .	i 've got ideas about sticking a pencil in my butt .
`` we 've just gone from thirty to fifty ''	`` right now between thirty and forty . ''
dan you 're no longer my step . more one step stranger .	you 're not my stepbrother anymore . you 're a foreign man .
you going to tase me in the ass again ?	you gon na knock my ass out again ?
you said there was a letter ?	did you say the letter came ?
inspect the zaltrap vial visually prior to use .	visually check it before using zaltrap .
she works in finance .	he 's working on financial .
well , the trip back to the homeland usually takes so long .	the journey home takes a very long time .
but there are some english customs that are going to be changed .	but there 's a couple of english habits - which will change .
may the good lord bless you .	god bless you , amen !
it 's dead people laughing , did you know that ?	and the dead people are laughing at it .
tv 's okay .	the television is fine .
good . it will be me .	okay , that 's me .
we 're fine .	it 's okay .
`` what a pity they 've made it to degrade in twenty year .	`` it 's a shame they 've only done it for 20 years .
would you like to come aboard ?	do you want to go on board ?
the slutty party girl is fun till she pukes on your shoes .	with a non-chaste party , it 's fun until you get your shoes on .
the nationalisation happened without compensation of previous shareholders , while the commercial strategy and the risk control policy of bpn were changed in its wake .	there has been no replacement for former shareholders , following nationalization changed bpn 's business strategy and policy in the area of risk management .
seems a bit pricey for an ex-mission specialist .	it seems a little expensive for a former mission expert .
and remain in preliminary attack position	cut the operation and stand by for preliminary assault positions .
if you 're having doubts about the business then you should quit now .	if you doubt the job , you should leave it at once .
i promise you ’ ll be welcome on any further excursions we may make . ”	i promise you we will be happy to see you on all the other trips we take. ``
now me , i dined here one evening .	i ate dinner with you one night .
ryan fletcher 's skill level is rare .	the skills of ryan fletcher are unique .
everybody has too much stuff anyway .	does n't matter . they all have too much .
cs manipulace pod inertním plynem .	es sumergir en agua fresca / aplicar compresas húmedas .
except , of course , the stars that man himself had made .	except for one exception ; there were still the stars made by man .
you got to be patient when you 're fishing for trout , boy .	you have to have patience if you want to catch a trout .
she 's suspected of illegal activities .	they suspected her involvement in illegal acts .
surrounding residential areas were also cleared as a precautionary measure .	the surrounding residential district was also evacuated for precautionary reasons .
but the whole thing 's gon na go a lot easier if you do .	but overall , everything would be easier if you went .
he did not kill uncle balbir !	he could n't have killed uncle balbiro !
jind allah managed to have a 3 minute conversation with him in the shower line .	jindu allaha managed to talk to him for three minutes ... ... in the shower queue .
fi jos kemikaalia on hengitetty : siirrä henkilö raittiiseen ilmaan ja pidä lepoasennossa , jossa on helppo hengittää .	fi varastoi kuivassa paikassa .
this is n't it .	it 's not him .
i did n't think a pregnant woman would come for this kind of work .	besides , i never expected a pregnant woman to carry out this type of job .
you have the nicest guy in the world throwing himself at your feet and here you are with this complete asshole .	you 've got a great guy on your feet , and you 're hanging up with this shit !
do n't forget , tonight is the annual ghostly hayride and tickets are selling out fast .	remember , there 's an annual scary ride tonight , and the tickets will soon be sold out .
the sky took on the silvered gray-blue that warned this would be a day of extreme heat and dryness even for arrakis .	the sky was suddenly tinged with silver-gray blue , warning that it would also be an unusually dry and hot day for the arraignment .
they finished lunch and went outside into the overcast courtyard .	when they ate they came out into the courtyard ; the sky was still completely cloudy .
commence satellite link .	start the satellite feed !
it can not be shut off .	we ca n't shut it down .
is that something else that phelps made go away ?	is that another thing phelps got rid of ?
pay attention , dick .	watch it , asshole .
we 're not killing a kid .	we wo n't kill the baby .
binabik swiftly gathered a pile of sticks and twigs , hayricking them in the middle of the ring of stones .	binabik quickly picked up a stack of dry twigs and piled it into a circle of rock .
`` his name was charles ? ''	'full name charles steiner , yes ? '
she thought we were teenagers .	he thinks we 're teenagers !
throw your clothes over !	throw them the dress !
tell her nothing .	do n't say anything .
mrs horton unfortunately i can not give it me .	mrs. horton , unfortunately i ca n't ...
covering distances that should take hours in minutes .	we will offend hourly distances within minutes .
not feeling well .	and i do n't feel good .
they are massalit .	it 's masalitus .
“ he only looks like an ogre , ” kurrelgyre murmured appreciatively .	'he just looks like a giant , 'kurrelgyre murmured with recognition .
you think someone is backing him ?	do you think he 's being supported ?
hmm , apart from her killer .	except for the killer .
the exact tariff descriptions of ec-15 shall apply to all tariff lines above .	for all those items , an accurate description of the ec-15 customs schedule applies .
but hatred may be accompanied by the self-pleasures of an heroic mission .	but hatred , moreover , is self-fulfilling from fulfilling a heroic mission .
she used her weapons to be promoted executive secretary	he 's using his weapons for promotion to lead secretary .
and those ships were armed with all the usual nuclear explosives and force-field defenses . ''	these ships were equipped with normal nuclear arsenals and force shields. ``
everybody cheered and clapped .	everyone was cheering and applauding .
this is the human condition .	it 's a condition of humanity .
core network corridors will be created as a way to promote the coordinated development of infrastructure and resource-efficient ways of using it .	the main networks , which will help co-ordinate infrastructure development and efficient use of resources , will also be built .
we might have been killed !	we could be dead !
although some ways of thinking are diseases too .	yet there are some thought processes of disease as well .
i have treated many injured soldiers , agent sousa , helped them to overcome their pain .	i 've taken care of many wounded soldiers .
this ai n't no mess , pops .	it 's not a mess , dad .
oh , a private entrance now !	right , with the private entrance .
i take mine with potatoes , cabbage and a shot of irish whisky .	i like my potatoes , greens and pans of an irishman whiskey .
children here , man !	kids are here .
i am not wearing this .	i wo n't wear it .
a gala ceremony moderated by simona babčáková and johana švarcová .	the ceremony is moderated by simon babar and john švarcova .
come on , the man hates change .	look , this guy hates changes .
the breach of community law effected by that judgment should be terminated .	it is necessary to bring an end to infringements of community law caused by this decision .
turn this off . somebody could be reading this .	turn it off , someone might read it .
how about some nice cool mints to turn those frowns upside down ?	how about a couple of tasty mints to make your mouth turn right ?
bearded guy feel comfortable ?	beard , is it comfortable ?
where is he hurt ?	where 's the wounded ?
to conflicts , it would be u.n. 's peacekeeping forces , and so on .	the conflicts of un peacekeepers , etc .
you 're not struggling with anxiety or anything like that ?	now do n't you suffer any anxiety or something ?
let 's go for a walk .	come on , let 's get some .
so when she does n't answer , he calls the club .	if he 's not answering him , he 's calling the club .
i was there taking photos .	i took the picture .
are those the ones ?	is that them ?
but that is n't the secret .	but it 's not a secret .
she went for an operation this morning	they took her to surgery this morning .
'i bet there is n't a decent sword anywhere on this boat . '	`` i bet there 's not one good sword on the ship . ''
she 'll remind mirko of his homeland .	he will remind ned his country .
she has been brainwashed to think this cabal is all-powerful .	he thinks the cabalis is omnipotent .
they were actually growing it here ?	did they grow them right here ?
uselessly his hand went inside his jacket for the pistol that was n't there .	the hand was needlessly reaching into the blouse for the gun that was not there .
smell like where old air fresheners go to die .	smells like an air freshener in here .
just hurry up and get down here . i want to get started .	so come quick , i 'm going to start .
we just sit around untij somebody wonders .	we sit and wait for anyone to ask ...
women ! they 're beautiful !	women are so beautiful .
of all the reactions they had been prepared for , this calm refutal by the warrior-turned-innkeeper had not been one of them , apparently .	this quiet response from that in the innkeeper 's changed warrior was apparently not one of the responses they were prepared for .
it tastes just like this	it tastes exactly the same .
like soft horses through toy deserts .	like a gentle horse in the desert .
500. fat fucking g 's .	500 for a nice fat gram .
not seen in two days , so the neighbor called .	the neighbors called when they did n't see her for two days .
i 've got the town handbook right here .	i have an urban manual .
we 're just having a little meeting about the wedding .	hey , we got a meeting here for a wedding .
he never asks a second favor when he 's been refused the first .	after her first rejection , she never asked for a second favor .
that does not make any sense .	it makes no sense .
she backed up fast , knowing that she should be watching where she was going but afraid to take her eyes off him for an instant .	run ! she stepped back quickly , and though she knew she should look where she was moving , she was afraid of peter for just a moment .
the crackhouse was being operated out of an abandoned building on a dead-end corner .	a junkie 's lair was built in an abandoned building in a dead-end street .
grab me the defibrillator ?	will you take my defibrillator ?
i wan na have your children .	i want kids with you .
stricklanïs got that weapon .	strickland 's got the gun .
under current requirements , projects which come under `` environment policy and governance '' should set an example and/or be innovative .	according to the existing criteria , projects which fall within the `` policy and environmental governance '' area , model or innovation shall be required .
i-i-it 's getting so late . honey ?	is it too late , baby ?
she is tired from running around all night .	she 's tired of an all-night journey .
as is gaise macon . '	and as gaise macon. ``
`` i will dress and go there right away myself . ''	`` i 'm going to get dressed and i 'm on my way . ''
you ca n't hold onto those recipes forever !	you can keep the recipes forever .
not only does that show great maturity but also a ...	not just that it shows your maturity , but also .
afraid i might have fallen into the lake ?	fear i could drown in the lake too ?
most of us breathe this microscopic airborne debris without side effect or complaint .	most of us inhale microscopic particles of these substances dispersed in the air without experiencing any negative effects .
i say , we ca n't accomplish our task this way .	i 'm saying that 's not how we achieve our goal .
customs authority , tax authority verification of documents once a year consent ( 2.2.3.3 )	customs administration , tax administration stakes control 1 x per year approval ( 2.2.3.3 ) .
get those cases and kill that dog !	take the boxes and shoot the dog !
no sign of chino ?	chino did n't show ?
the white upper-class man has no respect for us !	the white supremacist caste of people does n't respect us at all .
just a very simple thing here .	it 's going to be a simple matter .
we need to marry for 2 days .	we 'll be married in two days .
like soldiers in battle .	as in the troops in the war .
well , about 20 minutes into it , mom and grandma 's come home .	we were in it for about twenty minutes when her mom and grandma came back .
nothing wrong with a big girl !	i have nothing against big girls !
they died in a murder-suicide 25 years ago .	twenty-five years ago there was a murder and a suicide .
carla 's mouth had dropped open , and now a sound began to come from it .	carl dropped his jaw , and now the sound came out of her mouth .
( softly ) cuyahoga county da .	cuyahog county district attorney .
on the tannoy a bbc swing band is blaring hotly syncopated christmas music .	from the loudspeaker heckled wildly syncopated christmas music in the presentation of the bbc 's swingling orchestra .
a throw-away cellphone works , but a trillion dollar robot ca n't get through .	a discarded mobile is working , but the robot for trilithium dollars will not make it .
by putting one village to the stake , i spared 10 more .	when i ran a stake in one village , i saved ten others .
yeah , but not surprised .	but he does n't wonder .
a society 's capacity to innovate depends on education and research .	education and research are the foundations of societies capable of innovation .
a moment later , her other eye blinked open .	but moments later she opened her eyes .
you do nice work .	you 're doing a good job .
are you gon na take it ?	do you catch her ?
of cities filled with the foolish ;	cities full of fools .
i 've found out that largo 's boat is en route for the south of france .	larga 's ship is on its way to southern france .
`` bombs falling `` from the skies again	there 's bombs dropping out of the sky .
application to use an advanced measurement approach on a group-wide basis 30 .	a request for a permit to use advanced measurements at group 30 level .
what 's the point ?	what good is this ?
but you feel that you 're being sexually harassed ?	what do you think i 'm doing sexually harassing you ?
i apologize for the crudity of this model ...	i 'm sorry about the crude model , but ...
she 's been able to do that since we were kids .	they 've done this since they were kids .
everybody likes getting mail .	everyone likes to receive letters .
we were meant to be raised by families .	they 're supposed to raise our families .
we think his real name 's khalid al-shanquiti , although sometimes he goes by mahfouz oud al-walidi .	we believe that it is called the khaled al-shabab , though it is sometimes called by mahfuz d al-walid .
you said they 've been coming here for what ... five seasons ?	how long did you say it was already here ? five seasons ?
he was going away on his annual holiday .	he went on vacation like every year .
you just keep breathing and that pain is gon na pass all right ?	just keep breathing , and the pain will go away , okay ?
it had been stolen for the weight of its wrought iron .	it was a massive wrought iron , which is why someone stole it .
and if that 's what you actually thought , your intuition would be correct .	and if you really think about it , your intuition is n't deceiving you .
`` relax , will you ?	`` please calm down .
makakai twisted around and dove down instead of rising for another leap .	makakai turned up in the crease , and instead of going upward for a second jump , she drove deeper .
this is costing me enough without incurring any further delays .	it 's cost me enough , let alone any further delay .
gim me that .	give it to me !
oh , napoli , roma , venezia --	naples , rome , venice ...
your voice sounds funny .	you have a strange voice .
jiří focht ( za rozvoj kružberka ) ( 2 signatures )	maria megna ( comitato `` cittadini contro l'amianto '' ) ( 1364 / 2011 )
they want an explanation .	she wants to explain .
i asked for turkey and roast beef ... ... lettuce and swiss on whole wheat . - what did they give ?	i wanted turkey meat and roastbeef with salad and cheese on wholegrain bread .
may they be as happy married as they are singles .	they can have such a happy marriage , for they are free .
he captured my vessel and spared my life , for one reason .	he trapped my ship and let me live .
thus , at last , could england make its own destiny .	and england will finally be able to determine their fate .
one pistol is nothing .	the only gun is useless .
it 's strange for the phone to ... ring while you unlock the door .	do n't you find it odd that the phone is ringing when you open the door ?
he picked up a loose rock and tossed it , watching it absently as it bounced to a stop .	he took the stone from the ground , threw it away , and then watched absently as he hopped before he stopped .
'they must not have reached the trolls then , ' ulath said blandly .	'he would n't be able to get to the trolls , 'ulath said ironically .
i forgot , it 's 500,000 dead or alive .	i have forgotten that the same taxa as alive is dead .
but he did share it with your firm in case there was trouble .	but he told your firm about him if there were any problems .
that cash is mine .	the money will be mine .
yes , be careful .	yeah , watch it !
all at your door .	everything on your doorstep .
it has ... it has a character .	she 's ... she 's got character .
used in embassies to store secrets , burn safes depend on an internal ignition device to start a fire .	embassies use it to store the secret of a self-imposed trevor with an internal match to ignite the fire .
also engaging the statutory sectors and recruiting participants for needs assessment was challenging .	the involvement of the public sector and the hiring of participants for evaluation purposes was difficult .
i feel so much better .	that 's a lot better .
this is exciting . this is fun .	it 's exciting !
you must take them from behind .	you have to get behind them !
she obviously felt confident enough to hide it amongst other souvenirs from her excavations .	obviously he felt pretty much hidden away from other reminders of his excavations .
you accidentally stole photos of a fugitive mobster .	you just happened to steal pictures of a runaway gangster .
you 've seen it ?	did you see that ?
and that includes the ram !	even with a ram !
but then her parents cut her off , because they thought she was marrying beneath her .	until she learned her parents regarded her groom as inferior .
i do not survive without the abbe .	i could n't live without him .
and just imagine that such an angel would suspect something .	now imagine that this angel would have had a clue .
my mother-in-law 's got a foot thing i got ta pay for . - she 's got a foot thing .	my mother-in-law has something to do with my leg , i have to pay for it .
people have murdered those that they loved ,	these people will very often kill the ones they love
not too sorry , i imagine .	i do n't think you 're sorry .
the statements would be short , an aggregate of no more than five or six minutes .	the statement should only be brief , combined for a maximum of five to six minutes .
it is also richard .	that 's richard too .
clearly she was n't carrying a weapon .	it was clear he had no weapon .
even knowing that a man like them ... they enjoy pretending not to know ?	even if he knows my husband likes them ... they pretend they do n't know ?
precise fee calculation according to individual tariff zones can be obtained at the company booth located in arrival halls of terminals 1 & 2 .	the exact calculation of the fares per price range is available at a stall in terminal 1 and 2 .
who 's kidding who ?	are you kidding me ?
we saw them too .	we 've seen it .
`` the president turned to vanzandt .	the president has now addressed vanzandta .
why are you calling the nurse ?	why do you call your sister ?
hey . wan na dance ?	you want to dance ?
i must have fallen .	i had to fall .
for joe the days were days of enchantment .	it was a day of fascination for joe .
i have also made provision for unexpected visits by the engineering staff .	i 've also provided you with an unexpected visit to the technical service .
every pane replaced , the framework restored .	we replace each panel and restore the frame .
the papyrus verse was locked safely at its core-minus the shattered vial of vinegar .	the papyrus was a safe resting place , a broken jar of vinegar .
but we ca n't !	but there 's no way !
if he usin ' , that 'd break mama 's heart .	his mother would break his heart .
goddamn it , sook . how fuckin ' stupid can you be ?	damn , sookie , are you an idiot ?
maybe when i pulled the knife out of elaine .	i guess i was pulling a knife from elaine .
none . none whatsoever .	no , not at all .
he knew the sort of thing welch found impressive .	he knew exactly what welch thought was remarkable .
due to the inability or ...	because of incompetence or ...
in its place , the watery immensity of lake tchad !	there was a wide level of lake chad in his place !
interventions in one component area of these transport networks — in this case ports — have an impact on the whole logistics chain in hinterland transport .	intervention in the sub-area of these transport chains - in this case port - has implications for the entire logistics chain of transport in the background .
until now ... ... this negotiation has been handled by the chicago police .	so far ... ... it was the chicago police that led the negotiations .
it is therefore necessary to define specific criteria in that sector as regards representativeness .	therefore , specific criteria should be defined in this sector in respect of representativeness .
carlos ' first cousin , his lover since she was fourteen .	carlos 's cousin and since his 14 years and his mistress .
i 'm gon na completely rot . that 's what .	i 'd totally rot , that would be .
she and her grandma were really close .	they were very close with their grandmother .
la commission européenne mérite d'être félicitée pour avoir annoncé qu'elle allait augmenter à 80 milliards d'euros le budget européen destiné à la recherche pour la période 2014-2020 .	bd voor ebooks op 3 juli 2012 startte de commissie een inbreukprocedure tegen luxemburg en frankrijk omdat beide bydeen verlaagd btw-fare hadden vastgelegd voor electronische boeken of ebooks .
then that never happens .	it 's never going to happen .
such an evolution implies a strong collaboration across traditional scientific frontiers .	such developments imply intensive cooperation in excess of the traditional boundaries of the individual sciences .
you do n't do anything right !	you 're not doing anything right .
a sudden fear of him tightened her breast .	he was suddenly afraid of him .
that fucking nut ai n't coming close to you !	the fucking lunatic will never come near you !
perhaps much earlier ? ''	maybe a little early ? ``
we did it , uncle jon !	he 's succeeded , uncle john !
actually , yispinza 's their foreign minister .	yispinza is actually secretary of state .
the space behind this wall is hollow !	there 's a room behind that wall !
well , i 'll bet you they 're mostly europeans .	i 'm sure it will be most of the europeans .
30 % from service price on order	30 % of the price of ordered services
- encourage the parallel notification of aid to cross-border collaborative r & d & i projects .	- promote parallel reporting of support for cross-border cooperation projects in research , development and innovation .
in fact , almost everybody !	nearly all of them , actually !
she handed moniques photograph to nick .	she handed him a photo of monique .
but to apply with force and precision ... requires an intense attack and a desire to defeat and destroy .	but for its strong and precise use , much aggression is needed and desires to be destroyed .
what are we eating ?	what 's to eat ?
pardon me for not being in the christmas spirit .	i 'm sorry i did n't have a christmas spirit .
the bed was too chilly , for one thing .	first of all , it was cold in bed .
i just love the ring one tick more .	but i love this ring a little bit .
the doctor said those pills i 'm taking are making my dick not work .	the doctor said the pills i take cause they do n't cost me the tail .
one that can only be matched by the maternal instinct of a mother protecting her young .	he can only deal with his mother 's instincts to protect his young .
the body started to decompose . the boy only moved to feed his little sister .	he tended to a little sister before the decaying corpse .
i was n't doing something bad .	i did n't do anything wrong .
a gust of wind struck her -- not a puff this time but a gust -- and almost knocked her over .	there was a gust of wind-not a whiff , but a gust - and he nearly rolled it .
meanwhile she must fill her capacitors with still more energy .	the whole time he had to carry out his capacitors for more energy .
it 's fine ?	is that okay ?
when you saw emily did father moore ask you to give her any medical help ?	did father moore tell you why he needed a doctor 's help ?
pardon me , may i get past ?	excuse me . can i pass ?
it 's gift wrapped , packed , shipped .	and the present is packed and shipped .
maybe , aunt evvie replied with soft implacability , i't 's eating you , trisha .	it may be a live tebou , tríša , an aunt of evvie answered with quiet impatience .
* if you 'd have been there *	* that i 'm right here *
ai n't nobody gon na knock over your stupid trash cans .	there 's no one to hide your silly garbage cans .
lilith 's pbably got demons stashed all over town .	lilith 's probably set up demons around the city .
let 's not interrupt	do n't interrupt .
this is the life .	that 's life !
then may i ask you to be honest ?	can i ask for your honesty ?
the citizens already saw them , but i 'd like the refugees to see them too .	the citizens have seen him , but refugees should also be seen .
everybody knows that joe did n't have any enemies except surrett and his gang .	everyone knew joe had no enemies , except surretta and his crew .
then remember to mix them with alcohol .	so do n't forget to drink alcohol .
i am so sorry . i 'm sorry .	forgive me , forgive me .
i made the all-star team !	we have a star team !
these guys have the best noses in the sea—enhanced telencephalon olfactory lobes .	he 's got a better nose in the mori-super-developed ammonia-induced brain .
our way lies northeast to solace .	we 're heading northeast , into solace .
your mother told maría there was too much food around .	because your mom told mari that she ate a lot of food .
( will ) this is fucking insane .	that 's fucking crazy .
he wasn ’ t fat—dragaerans don ’ t get fat—but he seemed well-fed .	he was n't fat-dragaerans netted-but well-lived .
i did n't get this from fighting .	i do n't have a fight .
they 're a clandestine society .	it 's a secret community .
and if they ask for you ?	and when he asks about you ?
i hereby declare quahog 's city government disbanded .	so i 'm announcing that the quahog government is dissolved .
patrol cars have closed off all streets in a five-block radius .	the patrol vehicles have closed all roads ... ... within five blocks .
applicable to plants carrying out some part of effluent treatment on-site or off-site for treating waste waters from tanneries .	it shall apply to plants which clean the part of the waste water treatment plants in treatment plants directly on or off the site .
to keep you awake on long trips , mitsubishi has demonstrated a tiny dashboard video camera that ’ s trained on the driver .	mitsubishi has taken action against fatigue in long journeys and performed a small onboard video camera aimed at the driver .
but- anyone using the book will ultimately be destroyed by its power !	but anyone who uses the books will then be destroyed by her strength .
can warren just come over if he 's not busy ?	could n't warren be stopped if he was n't busy ?
i don ’ t believe i said a proper goodnight to you this evening .	i do n't think i gave you a good night .
the attachment could not be saved .	failed to save attachment .
the false skin of the old man was taut against the unhuman visage .	the old man 's fake skin was strained over a non-human figure .
these days ... there are performance tests for used cars .	last days ... we 're doing a performance test at all cars .
why would god let something like that happen ?	why should god allow such a thing ?
we talked about how passion did n't matter as much as comfort , stability .	he said the passion was not the same thing as comfort and stability .
i trust your disappointment will not be lasting .	i believe your disappointment wo n't last forever .
riose flicked a side glance at ducem barr who smiled with a narrow gentleness and resumed his inwardly-dreaming expression .	rios glanced sideways at the dukes of barra , who smiled gently and again gained the expression of a man looking inward .
col. imil said so .	colonel imil told me .
do n't show the wine bottle	hide the wine bottles .
ought she to try to overcome her pruderies ? '	should she seek to overcome such hypersensitivity ? ``
i shall therefore examine them in turn , starting with the method of assessment of taxable income .	i will then examine them gradually and begin to calculate their taxable income .
i thought you would wait longer .	i think you should have waited .
getting mad does n't change anything .	you gon na get crazy about it , that 's not gon na change anything .
the unicorn is yours if you wish it , although i can not imagine why you would .	you have a unicorn , like you wished , though i ca n't imagine what you 're gon na do .
`` suffering from a histrionic personality disorder , causing emotional instability , resulting in psychotic episodes. `` yeah , that 's our girl .	he 's being treated in a mental disorder that causes instability in emotion and psychological seizures .
starting in 1973 , this was done in several locations and on several occasions .	this has been recorded multiple times since 1973 and in multiple locations .
but destiny could see we deserved	but fate sees us deserve
112 is an essential safety tool in transport .	number 112 is a basic instrument for transport security .
we 'd need to apply a delta-vee of about four kilometers per second .	that would require delta-v , like , 4 km per second .
they 're eating my food , they 're drinking my booze .	she eats my food and drinks me booze .
what ? he says it 's urgent .	he said it was an emergency .
can your lordship provide army chariots to protect our ruler and show our might ?	can your lordship lend your warmongers to protect the king ? to show your strength .
wait right here . ''	wait here for me. ``
but he 'd gotten his brief on tea clipper from parks himself .	but he was dedicating him to the tea clipper by parks personally .
do you mean you came simply to look at me ?	did you just come see me ?
he has an impeccable record and excellent judgement .	clean records , excellent judgment .
electric 's included .	the electricity is accounted for .
mush for brains .	they 've got porridge from the brain .
and take this lock off .	get the lock out of here !
`` we have n't got an endless supply , '' kitiara reminded him .	`` our supplies are not infinite , '' said kitiara .
no , shut up .	do n't be quiet .
the new challenges facing the eu are of increasing complexity .	the eu must address its increasingly complex problems .
the priest from torcy kept vigil for two nights by his friend 's corpse ,	the priest of torca spent two nights in a dead friend .
i ... i do n't take it lightly .	i 'm not taking this lightly .
when medically appropriate , gradual discontinuation of the previous treatment while risperdal therapy is initiated is recommended .	in medically justified cases , prior medication should be gradually reduced while introducing treatment with risperdal .
just another day of missing visiting hours .	i 'm gon na miss visiting hours again .
ok i will give yöu cash ...	all right , i 'll pay in cash .
a killer killing itself .	the killer killed himself .
let 's go back up there and knock some heads . they 'll never know what hit them .	we 'll go back and smash some faces , they wo n't even know what 's going on !
wan na get a table ?	shall we go to the table ?
never know your luck , though .	you never know when you 'll be lucky .
and flaming comets stab down through the sky and blast creatures that fly .	burning comets intersect with the heavens , killing the flying creatures .
arthur fort , pastry baron to a multimillion-dollar dessert empire .	arthur fort , in a bakery , in a multi-million-pound world of deserts .
use this form to make requests for services or repairs .	this form is used to create a service or repair request .
have you seen him ? not for a few months .	no , a couple of months .
friends are a rare commodity these days . i will .	today , they are friends of rare goods .
hey freak . what 's with the hair man ?	hey , weirdo , what happened to your hair ?
we 're confident we 're closing in .	we are convinced we are getting close to him .
and then i wo n't look like such a jerk .	then i 'm not gon na look like an asshole .
you know how i hate to be sick . oh ...	i do n't like being sick .
should this be happening ?	is this supposed to happen ?
are your friends cute ?	do you have any good friends ?
sergeant york will shoot captain kisno , lieutenant groit and myself , along with these three soldiers .	if you control lieutenant groite , sergeant yerk shoots captain kizo , lieutenant groite and me .
-- devises religions ?	they form religion ?
i trust you had a decent night 's sleep ?	i hope you slept well last night .
i thought those were prohibited because they ca n't be monitored ?	i think it 's forbidden because he can be monitored ?
they 've gone out of their way not to harm the girls .	they disappeared , but the girls did n't hurt .
you do n't think about things .	you 're not thinking about anything .
chasing down ngoba ?	going after ngobo ?
hey , what were you crying about ?	why did you cry ?
who could have thought that the gen.attorney wo n't figure the knife .	who knew the da would have no idea about the dagger .
i trust you are not one of those thickheaded fools who do not want pain medications ? ''	i hope you do n't belong to those stubborn fools who refuse to cure pain ? ``
`` urvon probably saw all this as unearthly splendor .	'urvon has probably seen above-ground luxury everywhere .
you spit in my face .	you spit on me !
`` it is thy belief that cyrgon deceived thee into bringing bhelliom within his reach , anakha ? ' xanetia said .	'you believe cyrgon made you deceive , would you bring bhelliom to him ? 'xanetia asked .
if even ren can make a mistake , times are bad , huh ?	even the perfect ren makes mistakes sometimes , does n't he ?
you ever wan na delete every sentence you say , even as you say them ?	do you ever want to delete all the sentences you call ?
the death note can only kill a person whose name i write in it ...	with the death note , only a man whose name is written to him dies .
do you use this drawer ?	is the drawer yours ?
she has to be destroyed .	we have to destroy her .
for one second hereis half a year there .	one second here 's six months .
rays were bombarding it !	gamma rays hit him !
did n't the administration suspect ?	was n't there a suspicion ?
i got a wife that does that .	i have a woman who can do it .
it was her turn to feel a little emotion .	now she felt a bit of emotion .
maybe you do n't understand american .	maybe not understand , the united states .
i do not know if you saw someone called sophia .	i do n't know , i do n't know anyone named sophia .
sorry you are no longer a part of that group .	i 'm sorry , but you 're not one of them anymore .
you 're really still gon na use that ?	do you really want to keep using that ?
it 's the seattle slayer again .	he 's an assassin in seattle .
we ca n't be late .	let 's not be late !
ma hemmx kalkoli speċifiċi għall-unjoni ewropea dwar l-ispiża tal-kanċer tal-frixa .	muta-istati uniti , il-baii , il-ystati uniti , il-bażi tad-dejta konnessa ta 'medicare dwar is-sorveljanza , l-epidemjoloġija u r-riżuldad finali ( 284 ) , attribwiet għadd totali ta '
'hah ! ' zahar snorted appreciatively .	'hmm ! 'zahar grunted in approval .
you are very late .	you 're too late !
is your eye on a wrong position ?	do you have an eye in the wrong place ?
that 's a dreadful old picture , jack .	this is an awful old portrait .
this is so quick .	that 's so fast .
you can watch an entire b.s . game show in just 15 seconds .	you can see your whole favourite competition in 15 seconds !
darby 's been deeply depressed ever since renee 's death .	darby has had severe depression since renee died .
'of war , and warriors— '	`` the war , the warders - ''
i 've seen childbirth .	i saw the birth .
visit the house of david is a little redundant now .	david 's visit at home is now an unnecessary subject .
i did n't wan na run anymore .	i do n't want to keep running .
a lot faster than nancy boy there .	much faster than this softy here .
there 's no way we can eliminate every possibility of attack .	we ca n't rule out the possibility of an attack anyway .
who the fuck are you kidding ?	is that a joke , greer ?
why ? why , uh , why july 27 ?	why on the 27th of july ?
you will never be free unless you free the others .	you will be freed only if you release everyone else .
in its category incomparable quality accommodation for past competitive prices in newly reconstructed rooms .	in her class , unmatched high-quality accommodation at unrivalled prices in newly renovated rooms .
private-public partnerships can engage in large-scale validation of user acceptance and cost-effectiveness of novel solutions .	public-private partnerships can be involved in how users adopt new solutions and if these solutions are cost-effective .
briggs : yeah , come on . we 're going out and pick up mr. christopher .	let 's go get mr. christopher .
see the red-haired one ?	did you see that redhead ?
'er ... like new verrucas , ' said the gnome .	'um ... i mean like a new nipple , 'he told him .
ma , you got ta forget about this love thing .	mom , you have to let go of that love .
mark locked eyes with karen , and knew instantly something was terribly wrong .	mark caught the eye of karen and knew immediately that something too bad had happened .
i wan na find it ... as much as you do .	hey ... i want to find her ... just like you .
jesus christ , what is it ?	oh , my god . what ?
somebody might see us .	someone might have seen it .
i 'm not denying that i have a personal stake in bringing mark in , but i will not let it interfere with the job .	i do n't deny i took mark personally , but i wo n't let it keep me from working .
i do have one read-out on full spiroid wave analysis .	i 'm conducting a full analysis of the spiroidal wave .
hundreds of times lee sat _up coughing all night and still forced his exhausted body up again the next day at 5 a.m .	he had to spend the night on the bed many times , and yet each time he forced himself to stand by five in the morning .
entire building up in flames .	the whole building is on fire .
shooter probably walked right out looking like a worried fan .	the shooter seemed to go straight and looked like a troubled fan .
to- to read animals ' minds ?	read ... read an animal 's mind ?
never mind sending friends , just send your money .	you do n't have to send your friends .
that is just so beautiful . look how beautiful .	it 's beautiful !
so what 's the lombard for ?	then why lompard ?
but that was two river crossings distant , with weeks of travel between now and then .	but he must have overcome two big rivers and travel for several weeks .
joanna , congratulations on a very special evening .	joanna , i want to congratulate you on this festive night .
and to thank you , me and my wife would like to ...	i 'd like to speak for myself and my wife .
get your lazy ass up those stairs or i will slit your throat ! - dead as she is . - come on .	move your butt and burn , or i 'll cut your fucking throat !
it was only a few hundred yards farther before they reached the broad strip of ground the aliens had leveled all the way around port helenia .	several hundred yards of another walk led them to a broad swath of the land which the gubru aligned about the entire port helenia .
expanding imi should take place gradually to avoid overloading member state administrations .	the expansion of imi should be phased in gradually to prevent overcrowding by the public authorities of the member states .
where it is pa ?	where 's the father ?
what kind of a girl is she ? believe it or not , she 's real cute !	she 's pretty pretty .
the reason he 's crying - that 's his fncnc , throat cut .	keeley ... his fiancée ... they cut her throat .
is it bleeding a lot ?	am i bleeding much ?
send home all the children set to be offered to ming !	all the kids designated for ming will be sent home right away .
the applicant thereby concludes that the contested aid was in actual fact used to finance celf ’ s overall activities .	accordingly , the applicant concludes that the aid at issue actually served on celf 's normal operations .
they 're going to fight .	there 's gon na be a fight .
that is why to the dying ...	that 's a reason to die ...
'hear me real good .	'listen to me really well .
these guys acted like an army rather than kidnappers .	they act like an army ... ... not like any kidnapper .
i ca n't the jumper 's in control !	it 's controlled by the jumper .
`` he 's killed his own soldiers and done little harm to ours .	'he slaughtered his soldiers , but he did not hurt our people .
that 's kind of how she makes money -- leading guys on .	that 's a little about how money is made - leading people to .
it 's no fun to cheat .	cheating is not fun .
some small , silent birds hopped on the ground , beneath the cholla .	a tiny tittle of silent birds were hopping around the ground under the opunciations .
erga omnes autonomous tariff suspensions subject to an ‘ airworthiness certificate ’	suspension of general duties erga omnes due to `` airworthiness certificate ''
we 'll dry them off ...	let 's dry them up .
oh that 's pomopoconsita .	this is pompoconism .
'big sister has decided . '	`` the big sister made that decision . ''
this is about as lawyer as you get .	it 's just a lawyer .
is it ok ?	are you all right ?
they 're not lying .	they do n't lie .
fred 's not making movies , is she ?	fred does n't make movies , does he ?
levaquin 's not working .	the letharquin does n't work .
goodgulf glanced at dildo , who nodded and casually flipped a small , shining object into frito 's lap .	smaydalph shot a glance at bimba , who nodded , then tossed fritos in the lap of a tiny shiny thing .
does harry think he 's running this job ?	harry thinks he 's gon na do it ?
11 pounds 5 ounces .	5 kg 150 grams .
come here , buddy !	come on , mate .
i mean , never seemed strange to me .	i did n't find it weird .
horseradish tree , you have seen or you have noticed something strange ?	ben , did you see or notice anything weird ?
this is the place they can not look .	it 's where they ca n't look .
“ perfectly possible , ” lu 'chur ' chem said .	'that 's quite possible , 'said lu'chuch .
i did n't say you were crazy . it 's just ... .. everybody 's a little messed up about this .	i 'm not saying you 're crazy , it 's just that everyone is pretty much in the shit out of this thing and ...
busy with our homes , most of us .	we 're mostly busy at home .
tarzan 's going to sit this one out .	tarzan will be seated .
spelling checker could not be initialized	unable to initialize spelling
maalox did n't work anymore , one frigate captain grumbled to himself .	the painkiller painkiller no longer works , sighed the captain of one frigate .
bleached a few times , it looks like .	he seems to have been whittled several times .
but because su­perpredators are so short lived , they aren ’ t well repre­sented in the fossil record .	but because superpredators live too short , they did n't keep their fossils .
people are gon na know it was us .	people will find out we were us .
are you going to smash her grave , too ?	do you have a crush on her grave ?
it turned out that he was to do with the town hall .	turns out she 's working at city hall .
to test dietary factors	test food ingredients ,
this is the gm car .	that 's general motors ' car .
perhaps you could tell me , has the house been occupied long ?	can you tell me if this house is inhabited for a long time ?
and we 've set up charities	we 've established a charitable organization
come on , it 's not like you 're gon na jump into bed with the man .	come on , that does n't mean you 're going to go to bed with this guy .
the modem has been powered up after a system suspend .	the modem was switched on after the system was suspended .
other challenges include addressing the supply-side weaknesses which lead to insufficient external competitiveness , as well as increasing labour utilisation .	other challenging tasks include tackling weakness in the supply side , which lead to inadequate external competitiveness , and better use of labor .
the worst thing that 's ever happened to him was he lost at mortal kombat .	there had never been anything worse in his life than he had lost to mortal kombat .
but when i see that house ,	and if i see the house ...
i am no jew ! i am no jew !	i 'm not jewish !
i 'll get married in here .	i 'm getting married !
that 's what i 'm steamed up about , if you'il pardon my being frank .	and that 's what pisses me off , if you 'll excuse my sincerity .
my dear sir ... ... excuse me , butt just who are you calling a savage ?	oh , my god , sir , i 'm sorry , but who do you call a wild man ?
`` apparently he is now teaching his students to fear assassination too .	`` she seems to be teaching her students , too , to be afraid that someone will murder them .
you so wan na play the good guy .	you want to be a good boy so much .
emmanuel says , animals evolve toward the human condition , as man evolves toward that of the angels .	emmanuel says the animals are evolving towards human birth , just as humans are evolving towards angelic .
he gets into harvard based on ... you !	he 's going to get you into harvard .
so ... we must live the best life we can .	so we need to live our lives as fast as possible .
check out ... beside the window .	look around the windows .
how happy i am .	i 'm so happy !
other people 's wives ?	the wives of the others ?
does the boat move ?	is the ship moving ?
mummy would like that , cos mummy is scared .	mom likes to do it because she 's scared .
- cut from script , radio episode five .	( sniffles on radio series , episode five )
`` it can not be done .	`` you ca n't do that .
`` not the father '' by maury povich ...	maury povich told me i 'm not a father .
so where is this taking place ?	so , where does it go ?
it 's an easter egg hunt .	that 's like hunting easter eggs .
this needs to happen .	this must have happened .
the journal . dunbar claims she has it .	dunbar says he 's got your journal .
demi-sable demi-gamma-sable sable gamma-sable	alcor alcor alcor xlt
scott 's a groping douche with impulse control problems .	scott is an idiot who has problems controlling impulsiveness .
oh ... ! okay then .	all right , then .
they 're not gon na get any deader .	they wo n't be any more deadlier .
all civilians , get out !	let the civilians out .
that 's so odd !	this is so weird !
that was ... that was a joke .	i was just joking .
they killed his son and took him prisoner .	he paid for the death of a son and his own son .
at a military factory in hamana .	in an arms factory in haman .
after the wizard creates new tables , it can create a query that looks like your original table but does much more .	after creating a new table , the wizard can still create a query whose only function is to display data from the table .
officials say that with that stolen evidence , the cops paid criminals ... to help set up their rivals . which then led to those headline robbing arrests .	officers stole evidence that sold to gangs who used them ... to provoke rival gangs , leading to their arrests .
hands behind your ...	hands in the back .
d ’ lgby had had a dreadful childhood .	d'igby 's childhood was terrible .
you 're worried that some strange woman might see your wee-wee ? ''	you 're afraid of a foreign woman to see your bimbo ? ``
i was in love with her .	and i loved her !
no , i like writing reports .	i like to write a report .
how shall i say what a dreary and horrid wood it was ?	how do i tell you how desolate and heinous the forest it was ?
old people say the vampire wipes her bloody mouth ... on baby 's diapers after she 's gobble up their intestines .	he says the vampire is wiping his bloody lips into the tin of children he just ate his guts out .
this does not make sense !	it makes no sense !
password for retrieving free/busy information	password to get activity information
`` that 's the clothes room .	`` this is a dressing room .
make sure you breathe out fully .	try to breathe completely .
there 's no coffee .	they do n't have coffee .
she sometimes brought chew sticks or rubber toys for the animal .	occasionally the dog was carrying chewy bones or rubber toys .
and what happens up here also dictates what happens down here .	and what 's going on is figuring out what 's going to happen down there .
you dare not speak its name .	do n't say her name .
if it wish majesty i throw the courier into the torture chamber !	if you want , i 'll take the messenger to the torture chamber .
whoever took her had an awful laugh .	the one who took her was laughing .
hi from me too .	say hello to him too .
there are two processes for producing phosphoric acid , each using a different raw material .	phosphoric acid is produced in two ways , each of which is used with other raw materials .
25 – see , in this respect , the judgment in case 26/62 van gend & loos [ 1963 ] ecr 1 , 24 .	24 - see , inter alia , case c ‑ 102 / 02 beuttenmüller [ 2004 ] ecr , paragraph 37 .
at last she would begin to undress , then take up a book , and go on reading very quietly as if the book amused her .	she finally started preparing herself for the night , then took the book and continued to read it as if she were quite interested in reading it .
shoot the headlights .	fire at the lights !
i teach physical science .	i 'm teaching physics .
sometimes the magnetic strip gets damaged .	somehow , a magnetic belt was damaged .
you 're wondering why we 're here with a pile of money and no pants on .	i guess you wonder why i 'm sitting here without my pants in front of this pile of money .
there 's one more drink left apiece .	we got some more drinks left .
james . he 's such a cutie .	james is really cute .
they are n't just gon na write time machine on the ...	it 's not gon na be written on her time machine .
scioli does n't answer me .	scioli 's not answering .
man had conquered the air and people everywhere were all agog about those magnificent men in their flying machines .	there was air , and everywhere in the world people called oh the great men on the flying machines !
locale defines the geographic region and/or language dialect to which this support resource pertains .	the locale property defines a geographical area or language
so it wo n't be unjust to set her free .	her release will not be unfair .
have you seen a succubus running through these woods ?	did n't you see these woods run dry ?
psychic waves ? —that could n't be seen or heard but which were registered on an instinctual level .	the old enemy had apparently broadcast something - vibrations ? - a psychic wave ? - no one could see or hear , but it was recorded instinctively .
piss off cahit !	get out of cahite !
“ he was shot in the head at relatively close range . ”	they shot him in the head from a relatively short distance. ``
what else was there to do ?	what else is going on here ?
he ca n't be anything .	there can be nothing .
i will divorce you so fast it 'll make your head spin !	i 'll divorce you so quickly , you 'll have a headache .
you ever heard of the south bend shovel slayer ?	ever hear of a killer from south bide ?
it 's not like fidelity was ever your strong suit .	loyalty has never been your strong point .
she 'd be crying if it was n't .	if she was bad , she would cry .
they take the ugly groupies .	they 're taking nasty fans .
there 's more potatoes .	do we have more potatoes ?
slide your dead drunken ass into a drawer with some other dead drunk .	put down your drinking brain next to another dead drunk .
you got ta come get me .	you have to pick me up .
and that is cassiopia .	and there 's kasiopus .
163 people across four separate tests --	163 people underwent 4 different tests .
then taking the disengaged arm of mr. darcy , she left elizabeth to walk by herself .	then she hung up on mr darcy from the other side , leaving elizabeth alone .
an evening of drinking led to a confession .	a night full of drinks resulted in a confession ...
this is what i have of her .	that 's what i 've got .
i sell the hearts to research labs doing heartworm studies .	my heart is being sold by research labs that carry out studies of heart disease .
sartain get out of jail .	sartaina was released from prison .
cordelia loved the gown , but it was definitely impractical .	cordelie loved these clothes , but they were so impractical .
you ca n't make an actor more talented by yelling at them .	the actor 's talent does n't improve by screaming .
oh , not to worry , tummy .	do n't be afraid of your tummy .
the dark one ... summons thee .	dark is calling you .
this date shall be the same for persons entitled by virtue of holding bearer shares and persons entitled by virtue of holding registered shares .	this day applies to persons entitled as holders of shares to holders as well as for persons entitled as holders of shares in the name .
your skin , it 's going to blister .	you get blisters on your skin .
the men are fighting on our frontline !	men fight in the front line !
ty seems like a terrific kid .	he looks like a great guy .
the son of a bitch is huge !	she 's a pretty big bitch .
there 's the weight problem and the shit problem ... and the morale problem .	he has a weight problem , with shit ... and a moral dilemma .
i lock and bolt my doors every night .	every night , i close the door on the latch .
it surprised donner that the support vehicles , nearly all of them robust-looking trucks , were able to follow the fighting units as quickly as they did .	torna donner was surprised that support vehicles - almost exclusively sturdy lorries - could follow combat units so readily .
i wanted to lose it all : my wealth ... ... my estate ... ... my sanity .	i did n't want anything : not even my wealth , or my land , or my sanity .
`` but that 's certainly my plan .	`` but i 'm sure of it .
'what happened to sergeant knock ? '	`` is sergeant shurl ? ''
i 'm not negotiating .	this is not a negotiation .
let 's light the booze on fire and hand it to drunk people .	let 's light up a drink and we 'll get him drunk .
they are orphans as we do that ?	they 're orphans like us , right ?
take himfor everything he 's got. ``	prepare him for everything he has. ``
all consultations must , as a rule , provide for a window of no less than three weeks for comments , unless the chairperson of the ag decides otherwise .	if the advisory group 's chairman does not decide otherwise , at least three weeks shall normally be given during all consultations to provide comments .
steve just told the most hilarious filthy joke .	steve said the best dirty joke of all time .
nevertheless , lavey himself soon tired of the games .	however , these games soon stopped la veye .
the person who had the photos taken .	the one who took this picture .
lagos thought that herpes simplex might be a modern , benign descendant of asherah . ''	lagos assumed that the haze plain could be the modern benign progeny of aseer 's virus. ``
i 'm here with your mother .	mom is with me .
i 'm ... flattered ?	is that ... flattering ?
that my boss is gon na have my head because of your bullshit ?	that my boss will give me up for your nonsense ?
once more , they are being asked to leave their homes because of a political decision taken by a distant government .	once again , he asks them to leave home ... ... for a policy decision made by a remote government .
we going late tonight ?	we 're gon na do it by night ?
that was my call , pop .	it 's my time , dad .
shall we become one , honored enemy ? ''	are we going to be one complete enemy ? ``
he is my kid !	that 's my baby !
that horton is a menace .	it 's horton threatening us .
it is the murderer .	he 's the killer .
he wore a trench coat over his black commando clothes .	he was wearing a non-watershed coat and a black picket line under him .
i 'm not supposed to be the one caught with his pants down .	i do n't want to get caught up with my pants on .
thatwo n't make you go blind .	you 're not going to be blind .
what was the promised price , grimá ?	what reward did he promise ?
they had no idea anyone was onto them .	they could n't even have known someone was behind them .
his own jauntewatch closed in around him , looking wary and alert .	his personal jaunte-guard had just enveloped him ; she looked vigilant and alert .
`` commandment number nine :	`` the ninth commandments :
it averages 12 a day for the year .	the annual average is 12 hours .
arent you a little young to be secretary of transportation ?	are n't you too young for transport minister ?
i refuse to define love in those terms .	i reject these definitions of love .
stop over at my place on your way back. ” “ there 's something i must tell you . ”	stop by my place when you go back. `` '' i have something to tell you. ``
this is an emergen ...	it 's an out-of-order ...
they think it was mose .	he thinks mose would .
a waterbender needs to master water .	water bender must take control of the water .
it was not necessarily the enemy up there , not even anything alive and hostile-but something horrible , the discovery of which would shatter her .	he did n't necessarily have to be a enemy , not even a living and a bad , but something terrible thing to look at .
everyone 's here.my family -- my cousins .	they 're all here , my family , my cousins ...
where are they going to look next ?	where else will they be looking ?
it seems i have no option .	i do n't seem to have any choice .
whatever . nobody saw shit .	no one saw anything .
this guy is always late .	he 's still late .
officer milo has good luck .	lieutenant milo is lucky .
it was n't meant for that .	it 's not meant to be .
you 're healing fast .	your wound is healing quickly .
or had that been an accident ?	or was it coincidence ?
this is safe for now .	we 're safe here .
that was n't caused by the fall .	that did not cause a fall .
perhaps you 're not quite - the judge of character you imagine .	maybe you do n't know how to judge a character as much as you thought .
well , you look dreadful .	and you 're terrible .
everybody 's gone back in .	everyone goes back inside .
stay calm and nobody 's gon na get hurt .	be calm and no one will be hurt .
now will you please take me down or should i go myself ?	can you finally get me started , or am i going to run on my own ?
the little princess stood at an upstairs window and waved at pug with a tiny handkerchief .	the princess was standing by the window over the stairs , waving pug 's tiny handkerchief .
thank heaven there was no money to speak of .	thank god she did n't have much money .
seidengasse 33-35 1070 wien austria blopress 4 mg – tabletten 4 mg tablet oral use austria takeda pharma ges.m.b.h .	estrada nacional 249-1 2720-413 / amadora portugal inibace 5 mg film-coated tablet oral use spain roche d.o.o .
the film is finished .	the movie 's ready .
jesus fuckin ' christ !	for christ 's sake !
the cup that christ drank from the night of the last supper ?	the caliphate that jesus used to drink with at the last dinner ?
statistical calculations for cover map over base map	build statistics for cover and background map
it 's on ?	is he in ?
what 's this journalist 's heading ?	what press does this reporter write ?
they seemed to be delighted to be here , where they had been only once before , for a long winter weekend .	they seemed blighted by the fact that they were here , though they were only here once , on an extended winter weekend .
what 'd you come into football for ?	why are you even involved in football ?
this is the night , love !	it 's a crucial night !
though that day seems increasingly distant at the moment .	although at this point , it seems increasingly remote .
so , what i 'm proposing is that ... since your wife went off with a boy and since you are here alone ...	so i 'm proposing this because your wife left with the guy , and you 're on your own , we should do something that makes sense .
somebody must have cut it .	someone had to cut him up .
exports animal fodder and grains , mostly .	it exports largely feed for animals and corn .
i had just arrived , and we had that wonderful christmas truce .	i just came here when it came to a beautiful christmas truce .
we can hide in here !	we 'll hide out there .
i vote myself out .	i 'm voting for my appeal .
the blast wave will incinerate that city into molten metal .	the explosion will change the city in need of metal .
nutrition and feeding of farm animals ii	animal nutrition and animal lore
i must dress quickly it 's gone .	i have to get dressed quickly .
hey , guys . how 's it going ?	hello boys , how are you ?
sir ? we 've only three weeks to the next american launch .	in just three weeks , americans will release more .
hot then , with something sweet .	so hot and something to celebrate .
you 're gon na havea complex or something .	stop it , or you 'll have a complex .
the stilled reveller looked at michael wonderingly .	he studied michael appraisingly .
she 's studying acting and singing .	she studies , plays and sings .
wait , just wait a little while , soon the bogeyman will come ...	wait a minute a little when the bad man comes here .
now 18th century peasants know that there is one	the peasants of the 18th century knew
in all states , further efforts are needed to ensure that appropriate legal provisions are implemented in practice .	in all member states there is a need for further efforts and the implementation of appropriate legislation in practice .
however , if they could have seen that she was blushing with shame , they might have been embarrassed .	maybe if they had seen the shame of it , it would embarrass them .
dulles ' legacy of brinksmanship of going to the edge had finally spawned its frankenstein monster .	dulles 's legacy of risky politics went on edge , eventually spawning a frankenstein monster .
my daughter wo n't die .	how can my daughter be dead ?
even so , this is still an appreciable inflow of capital , bearing in mind the temporary restrictions in force .	however , if we take into account valid temporary restrictions , there is also a noticeable outflow of capital .
you 're starting to scare me now !	i 'm scared of you !
garcia should re-evaluate every voluntary missing person case followed by accidental or sudden death .	garcia should re-examine cases of voluntarily missing persons who ended up with a sudden death .
euro letzter sonntag * usa erster sonntag	rückkehr in day automischen betriebsmodus beim nächsten programmierschritt .
but it seems that you 're overlooking a contradiction .	but you seem to have overlooked the contradiction .
experiences from a business perspective 3.3.1 .	experience in relation to business 3.3.1 .
do n't ! it 's useless .	that would be useless .
our policies are peaceful ... but our methods ca n't afford to be less ruthless than those of the opposition .	we have a peace policy , but we can not afford methods less reckless than the enemy .
any friend of gen. sutherland 's is always welcome .	all general sutherland 's friends are welcome here .
these were kids .	this is the children .
i guess this is what we call fate .	i guess it 's our destiny .
uh , it 's date night .	we have a date tonight .
`` given ten years , we can do it if we have to .	`` if they give us a decade , we 'll be fine .
you got fuckin ' smoked !	you 're fucking stoned !
it 'll kill the parasites ... but wont harm her at all .	they kill parasites , but they do n't hurt them .
i believe brother sweetchuck is suggesting ... we recruit in our old neighborhood .	i think brother sweetchuck proposes ... to make recruitment among the old-timer .
why were they never shown ?	why did n't she ever show them ?
o.k. , everybody , grab your plates . soup 's on .	grab all the plates !
too busy pandering to the prisoners ' needs !	because you 're too busy with what the prisoner wants .
the direct healthcare professional communication shall consist of two parts :	the message directly addressed to healthcare workers must contain two parts :
the bastard was good .	that son of a bitch is good .
the night we won rothenberg 's beer pong tournament , and jeff chang hooked up with that nine-foot tall chick who played the banjo .	the night we had the ravensbury tournament ... ... and jeff chang and that girl took the one they played on the benjo thing .
this one was huge , a meter in diameter at the base , extending from a section of plain dirt floor through the translucent ceiling and far beyond .	he was huge , below , about a metre in diameter , and growing up from a patch of dirty earth to a clear ceiling and high above him .
would he wait for nightfall and exit through his underwater passageway in secrecy ?	had he waited for the night to sail through the underwater tunnel in secret ?
why is she using the camera ?	why does he use a camera ?
i got a gig downtown tonight .	i have an engagement tonight in the city .
you must 've had a hard time making the transition from new york .	it must have been hard for you to move out of new york .
but are n't you glad we did ?	and you 're not happy that we were doing ?
the magnetic fields wo n't reset .	the magnetic field will not be restored .
for now , they wait , and wait .	at this point they 're just waiting and waiting .
in the course of those audits a number of the documents requested were produced .	some required documents were submitted during those checks .
we 're not having an affair .	we do n't have a love affair .
i-i do n't beg .	i wo n't be begging anyone .
there 's been considerable speculation about it .	there was a lot of speculation .
this time i 'm the one without doubts .	this time it 's me who has no doubts .
your number came up on the cell phone of a terrorist .	your phone number was in the terrorists ' phone , right ?
yes . she is .	yeah , it does .
'presumed dead in skund . '	`` probably killed in skunda . ''
okay , come on !	ok , let 's go !
nobody 's in any kind of ... specially not roo .	no one has any problems ... especially not roo !
do you not like playing ?	you want to play ?
interpreting your motion chart how long does it take to see report data after adding the tracking code ?	interpretation of the moving chart in how long after the addition of the tracking code shows the data in the oversights ?
nothing good ever happens after 2:00 a.m. go home !	after 2 a.m. , nothing good can happen .
skont l-informazzjoni li għandha l-kummissjoni , għadu ma ġiex introdott programm nazzjonali għall-ittestjar tal-kanċer ċervikali .	ends il-pjan nazzjonali dwar il-kanċer 2011-15 , the afl-15 , the afl-preżent qed jiġi introdott programmm għall-ittestjar tal-kanċer kolorettali .
i have full authority to speak for him .	i 'm fully authorized to speak on his behalf .
mcclure says he was the go-between on the bremer kidnapping .	mcclure said he was a mediator at bremer 's abduction .
every time you kissed me good-bye .	with every kiss goodbye .
you gave us quite a scare .	you scared the hell out of us .
öregszolo dülo 98266/0 , 2700 cegléd , hu demetra consulting via vicenza srl , 3-31048 vicenza , it simonné kiss ibolya markovitz u .	the olyte fai , amelynek magjai legfeljebb 18 μmol / g glucozinolátartalommal rendelkeznek , és erukasav-tartalmuk'n magasabb az összes zsiltartalom 2 % -ánal .
oh , this is awful .	oh , that 's terrible
many people visited my grandmother ,	grandma was visiting a lot of people
sector and geographical distribution of enterprises the 1079 micro-borrowers financed by the five reporting microcredit providers as of september 2011 are active in a variety of sectors .	the sector and geographic division of businesses five microcredit providers who submitted the report gave microloans to 1,079 recipients who operate across a range of sectors .
not everyone passes such a test , particularly when elections are approaching .	not everyone succeeds in this trial , especially if elections are close .
mama can look after the kids .	mom could take care of the kids ...
pro-rata distribution , where appropriate :	proportional distribution if applicable :
i 'm the one with the knife , man .	i have a knife in here , mate .
the boy , from anyone you are , it will be with whom you 're doing .	your son , whoever he comes from , will be what you make of him .
salmeterol xinafoate and fluticasone propionate	salmeteroli xinafoas , fluticasoni propionas
well , some argue it 's an organic process involving culturally similar people wanting to formalize their connections .	some say it is a natural process that includes culturally similar people who want to shape their relationships .
that coach brought a dead body in .	the coach was carrying a corpse .
that 's not me brother .	he was n't my brother .
and people are going to debate	and people will be debating
the bible says : 'love thy neighbor . '	in the bible , he writes : love your neighbour .
as far as i 'm concerned , that man 's whole body is property of the u.s. army .	i think his entire body is owned by the united states army .
probably the japanese can do nothing to change the course of german internal politics .	what if the japanese are unable to exert influence on internal german politics ?
`` urvon outflanked your army , '' he told zakath .	'urvon has bypassed your troops from the side , 'he told zakath .
i have been given heaven and earth	i begged the sky and the land
i ... might not be hayley 's father ?	i would n't have to be her father ?
last i checked you still have two legs .	he still had two feet in the last check .
one or more e-mail messages were not sent .	at least one email message has not been sent .
`` i 'm bored .	`` you bore me .
i know of no natural sources of it .	i do n't know about any natural resources .
not really convincing me .	that did n't convince me .
pick a desk still get to sit your arse up back of the bus	and sit his ass behind him on the bus .
guy just up and dies ?	will he rise and die ?
audiences were always impressed by his artistic ability .	he has always been able to charm viewers with his art skills .
they collect a fee from anyone with money .	collecting a charge from everyone who 's got money .
this is the roxxon norco .	it 's roxon .
karma had never let me down before ... but every day that went by made me a little lose more faith .	karma 's never screwed me , but i was losing a little bit of my faith with every passing day .
that old man 's got a mean streak .	the old man was an average .
it 's actually going to be just family .	in fact , only our family will be there .
`would thirty percent over cost be reasonable ? '	`` would it be thirty percent plus expenses acceptable ? ''
the liquor would be flowing freely .	alcohol will flow .
say what you wan na say .	tell me what you want to tell me .
if civil war erupts , the kingdom of yan will be ruined !	a civil war would destroy the kingdom completely .
you are spending time with the kid .	do you spend time with your baby ?
the runic alphabet is an ancient nordic one that predates latin .	the rune alphabet was ancient norse and preceded the lattice .
not everyone 's a loner ephram .	they 're not all loners .
when you 're living or travelling abroad , you 'll appreciate a credit card that 's accepted at 24 million locations around the globe .	if you live abroad or often travel , you will appreciate the payment card , which is taken in 24 million places in the world .
between dead or alive .	caught between life and death .
let 's get george a drink .	we 'll have a glass of george .
your father has a new child .	your father 's baby was born .
search your collection for pictures meeting the following conditions	check your collection , to determine images fulfilling those conditions
keep eating . guests do that .	the guests are only supposed to eat .
lamia floated at arms ' length , her hands on his shoulders .	she drifted away from him at arm 's length , holding him by the shoulders .
to me , he is .	it 's for me .
according to dod , tanner claims that somebody else took control of his drone and opened fire .	tanner says he claims his drone was taken down and then fired .
other existing spaces within the stairway enclosure : .	other existing premises in a closed staircase :
because you 're a regular guy .	since you 're an ordinary man .
it pulled out of its space and moved across the parking lot to state street , and sarah realized she hadn ’ t asked where they were staying .	the car started rolling and headed over the parking lot on state street ; only now sarah realized she did n't even ask them where they wanted to stay .
this is rather strange .	that 's weird .
turkey today is a case in point , or russia , or asia in 1997-98 .	turkey , yesterday russia and 1997-98 asia can be an example of this .
we were the ones on the phone !	phone , it 's us !
'admirers of yours , ' said jones warmly .	`` your admirers , '' jones said fervently .
i am the mother of this child .	i 'm the baby 's mother !
'shut up , shut up , ' henry says , grabbing pete 's shoulder and giving it a shake .	`` quiet , man , '' henry says , rolling over his shoulder and shaking him vigorously .
thank you -- i really appreciate .	thanks , i 'm really grateful .
yeah , there is .	yes , he 's here .
his majesty the king !	our king is coming !
a planetary surface is not covered by space salvage laws .	the surface of planets is not the cover of property laws .
everyone 0 no one 1 only my contacts 2	all 0 nobody 1 just by their contacts 2
perhaps you 'd be happier working in a post office !	you might want to work at the post office .
that the cat burglar 's dead .	when a cat thief is dead .
it is never gon na happen .	that 's never going to happen .
today she 's a tremendous force in the battle ... ... to preserve and extend democracy .	today , it is an excellent strength in the battle for the rescue and spread of democracy .
momma say homos is bad peoples	mom says fags are bad people .
just that one marries the one he loves	only that someone will marry someone he loves .
ned , you 're touching dead things again ?	who can i touch ? - have you touched the dead things yet ?
okay ... okay .	all right , all right .
towards the sudan famine relief efforts .	that helped fight famine in sudan .
we can not .	we ca n't ...
we are subsidized by oil .	and it 's subsidizing oil .
`` append dns suffixes to resolve multi-label names ''	`` attach dns extensions when translation of multi-place names ''
post teams at every access point .	deploy the teams to all access points .
cells ; tracing errorstracing errorserror tracing	cells ; tracking error-tracking errors ; tracking
once he had overcome that barrier , progress was swift .	but once he broke the barrier , he made rapid advances .
arack scowled in irritation .	arak frowned in exasperation .
he 's wearing a brooklyn dodgers uniform	he wears the brooklyn dodgers jersey .
i demand someone help me !	somebody help me now .
lovely kitchen . this way .	the kitchen is amazing .
you 'll be quite all right .	everything will be fine .
all right , kids . let 's make some fucking television .	it 's going to be a big television , kids .
this is the tree , fool .	it 's that tree , you dick .
nobody else was having adverse reactions .	no one else had damaging effects .
these were patient people .	everyone was very patient .
`` she is mine , '' cried magua , shaking his hand in triumph at uncas .	`` it belongs to me ! '' he shouted , winking triumphantly at uncas .
yes , flower delivery ?	is that a delivery of flowers ?
mmm , congrats on the warbler win at your sectionals .	and congratulations to the warblers for winning your selections .
after the way these last couple of months have gone ...	after all that has happened in the last two months ...
what was annoying was that sally walked so easily in six-inch heels .	she was somewhat irritated by how easily sally was moving to twelve-inch heels .
really , really inspirational stuff , man .	so inspiring , dude .
funding to study abroad is called ‘ meeneembare studie financiering ’	financial support for studying abroad is called 'a ' meeneembare study of financier '
could you drive us part of the way ?	can you get us a ride ?
'your majesty will be pleased to wear the mask of authority , ' he said .	`` your majesty will wear a mask of royal majesty with pride and joy . ''
no , there is n't !	he does n't exist !
i forgot ; i 'll go get it now	i forgot ... i 'm going to get him .
page 16 should read as follows :	on page 16 is replaced by the following :
the gleaners had been hunting .	the gatherers were hunted .
the exact resolution can also be typed in using the numeric key pad .	you can also specify a precise resolution by typing via a numeric keyboard .
i shall do what is usually done in such event .	i should do what i normally do when something happens .
nicholson , they got kayne in the other room .	nicolson , they took caine to another room .
you have been officially reinstated on the us world team .	you were officially appointed as an american world team team .
but your friend '' -he indicated drogon- '' insisted we speak .	but here 's your friend '- he pointed to drogon - ' he insisted on speaking .
everybody wants it .	they all want him .
thanks so much !	thank you very much .
subject -- congresswoman libby hauser .	subject-matter-of-congress , liggy hauser .
somalis are having trouble believing him , in view of american soldiers heavily armed , with tanks and helicopters .	it is difficult for the somalis to look at a massive armed american military , tanks , and helicopters .
we are definitely going to die .	i 'm sure we 'll die .
it is much more crazy to eat anything .	that 's a lot of crazy , nothing to eat .
it seemed the forest 's own dream realized in subtle stone , a hundred shades of green and white and pale summersky blue .	it was as if the dream of the woods materialized in a fine stone , hundreds of greenish-green shadows and a bright sky .
i have n't been lucky with women .	i had women 's bad luck .
will you put your fingers up my bottom ?	are you sticking your finger in my anus ?
this rainbow group was evidently `` black , '' but he 'd gotten its name and the name of its commander in a day .	this rainbow was definitely a black operation , and he learned her name as well as her master 's name within a single day .
now , any company which does not lease a space at 60 hudson is at instant disadvantage .	all companies that do n't hire spaces at 60 , hudson , are at an immediate disadvantage .
there are few of us left .	we have little left .
all right . hank , suspect 's in interrogation .	hank , the suspect is waiting for questioning .
b. packaging tomatoes must be packed in such a way as to protect the produce properly .	packages the tomatoes must be packaged in a manner that ensures adequate protection of the product .
i 've had neurology , oncology , and infectious disease look at her .	he was seen by a neurologist , an oncologist and an infectious disease .
this morning they stopped a muezzin from doing his duty .	this morning he averted a no-verb of muezzin to do the job .
he 's not who we came for .	we did n't come for this .
mrs whittaker , the pleasure is all mine .	mrs. whitttaker , i 'm really happy for you .
you 're gon na kill yourself !	lisa , you can kill yourself .
aquarius , aquaticus , aqualitus quom . aquadigitarium .	akvarius akvatikus aqualitus kvum .
pete , this is n't a joke .	pete , it 's not funny .
roy is n't slade .	roy 's not slade !
damn that bermuda tetrahedron .	to hell with the bermuda four-move .
wilson : patient experiences shock-like sensations as well as headaches , nausea , and drowsiness .	the patient feels something similar to shocks , also suffering from headaches , nausea and sleepiness .
he does respect her : he knows that very little of this is female theatricals , really .	she respects her : she knows that in her case , it 's almost not about women 's teatiness , really .
her majesty has gone to see consort sook ?	did your majesty go after the lady sook ?
they think it is worth $ 2.5 billion .	he thinks it 's worth 1.5 billion less .
you felt something ? '	did you feel anything ? ``
i will not lose .	i 'm not losing !
got any friends ?	do you have a friend ?
this is n't helping anything !	that does n't help anything .
and now our remainder is 1 .	now we have the rest 1 .
“ you killed your— “ hulk began , startled .	'you killed '- ' hulk began in horror .
considering the seriousness of the crime , she could also be arrested as an accomplice .	she may be ... arrested for aiding and abetting a crime .
nobody is going to rob us going down the mountain !	no one will rob us on the way down .
you 're not getting it .	you wo n't get that .
sorry barney for wasting your time like this .	i 'm sorry , barney 's a waste of time .
each voice comes through clearly .	every voice is clear .
we are questioning him .	we 're being interrogated .
stop automatically replacing long vowel sounds	do n't replace automatically long vowels
somebody had better get that courier talking .	someone better get the kurra to talk .
i 'm sure that sissy girl would love these .	sissy 's gon na love it .
look it , little temporary tattoos for babies .	look at the temporary tattoo for the baby .
had your tetanus shots ?	did you get a tetanus shot ?
we are creatures that should not exist by natural law . huh .	our species should not exist , according to natural laws .
can you not speak to mr norrell ?	ca n't you tell mr. norrell ?
let 's have a standing picket 50 yards out .	we 'll set up a patrol 50 yards from here .
the lsraelites called it a khalil ,	the israelites call her khalil .
makes me think of girls with coconut bras .	i 'm thinking about the girl with the coconut bra .
too many of us .	it 's too much .
so , it was only two .	so they were just 2 .
you 're never gon na take the john a. warden from me .	i 'll have john a. warden not to be taken .
experts in their fields , such as you .	specialists in his field .
fits diagram to contents	adapts the content diagram .
he can not have been dead longer than ten hours and yet there is mortis .	he ca n't be dead for more than 10 hours , and it 's already mortis .
so it 's 5 -- let me do it in a brighter color .	5 ... i 'll make it a clearer color ...
it 's her parents ' decision .	the decision is on their parents .
sorry ... charger ... reserve power .	i 'm sorry , the charger .
unable to upgrade the foreign computer .	a foreign computer can not be upgraded .
what 's he doing to that casket ?	what does he do with the coffin ?
stu woke up when tom eased him down .	stu was awake when tom dropped it on the ground .
it 's higher than the estimate .	that 's more than we estimated .
i do n't talk about it .	i 'm not talking about that .
it gave harry a look that said quite plainly :	he looked at harry , who said quite clearly :
'this guy 's got plenty of hair , ' jonesy interrupted .	'but this guy has a lot of hair , 'jonesy said .
`` nobody 's children .	that they 're no one 's kids .
see ? this is my girlfriend .	see , that 's my friend .
every month you will receive an equal sum .	every month , you get the same envelope where you can find the same amount .
his eyes darted continuously , almost never returning another man 's look .	his eyes were constantly looking , but he rarely looked into anyone 's eyes .
wordis it 's gon na be approved within the next three months ... and it could be tomorrow for all i know .	they 're supposed to be approved in three months , maybe tomorrow .
it 's a thousand dollars .	that 's $ 1,000 .
are you interested in buying one ?	you want to buy one too ?
we say that a murder has occurred . there is the criminal .	we say there 's been a murder , and this is an offender !
this final day -this final day	day last - last day
put the gun down .	drop your weapons .
listen , whatever 's , uh , going on with me and your dad ,	listen , no matter what happens between me and your father
but eu firms are lagging behind	but companies in the eu lag
no pushing please .	do n't push !
is n't the wedding hours away ?	has n't the hour of marriage gone by ?
ethan : sorry it 's a mess .	i 'm sorry about the mess .
ladies ? i -- was it something he said ?	did he say anything ?
ordre des arts et des lettres	order of arts and literature
eagle four to swordfish .	this is eagle 4 .
she might not have known .	maybe she did n't know .
brain damage for a few ;	several of them suffered brain damage , ernst .
they 're protecting their own .	they protect each other .
to connect via your work network , you must provide proxy server information .	using a network in your job requires information about a proxy server .
was it your anniversary ?	did you have an anniversary ?
then they could be issued with breeding licences .	and then they would give them a reproduction license .
those responsible must be brought to justice .	their perpetrators must be put on trial .
tendyne had millions to gain by this sale ,	tendyne made millions to bring up the sale .
look , she 's gon na tell her friends , and then they 're gon na tell their friends and they just keep talking ...	he 's gon na say it to his friends , and he 's gon na say it to other people .
are you being funny ? no . i 'm not trying be funny .	was that supposed to be funny ?
funding schemes to assist them have been provided by the hong kong sar government .	the government of the special administrative area of hong kong has prepared aid schemes for the aid of these companies .
no . which is why i think this is gon na work .	that 's why i think it 's going to work out .
i wan na be protected .	i want to protect myself .
'is she concealing a radio perhaps , a signalling device ?	`` does n't he hide a radio or a signal device ?
perp fled on foot , leaving a trail of blood in this direction .	the perp ran away , the blood trail led here .
this evaluation covered the benefits connected with retirement , invalidity and survival , as well as invalidity allowance .	the awards were perks related to a retirement pension , a disability pension , a pension for survivors and benefits in incapacity .
let 's go , daddy .	come on , dad .
're not real . 're not real . 're not real . 're not real .	that 's not true .
i 'm arresting you in the name of the new grenada .	you 're under arrest on behalf of new grenada !
`` hirata shoukichi '' sasano takashi	yoshiyuki kazuko as yamashita tsuyako
it thrives on evil thoughts , deeds and flesh .	he lives with evil ideas , desires , deeds .
perhaps another student for me ?	maybe another student of mine .
just be quiet !	hey , shut up !
'the more fool them , ' said sirano .	'they 're fools , 'said sirano .
we will wait outside the city .	we 'll wait out of town .
the very heart of my concern .	it 's what my heart fears .
no one told you ?	did n't anyone tell you ?
it can say the color to me of its skin ?	do you know what color the skin was ?
'is there anything i can do ? ' he said .	`` could i do something for you ? '' he asked .
this was quite sufficient .	that 's enough .
the rules laid down by us law concerning cartels are not binding on european union law .	the rules set out in the us cartel do not have binding effect in eu law .
puts your computer in a low-power state so that you can quickly resume your windows session .	put the computer into the saving mode so that it can be quickly restored to the windows session .
the ringleader spoke in dead tongues . - does he now ?	their band-mate was talking through dead tongues .
who 's my bitch ?	whose bitch are you ?
yeah . one of those black suvs .	in a black suv .
yeah , so what are our chances ?	what chance do we have ?
nothing there either . excellent .	nothing too , wonderful .
now , they 're datatech celebrities .	it 's celebrity datatech .
tell me one good reason why either ofthese photos is authentic .	tell me why i have to believe these photographs are authentic .
an office , my mother signed and can be redeemed after 5 months .	a note signed by my mother is due in five months .
you know , you never really liked his father .	you did n't like his dad either .
i had to rinse this shirt out .	i need to wash that blouse .
am i just being ignored ?	you 're just ignoring me ?
well can i borrow your keys ... ?	and would you lend me your keys ?
to recover his ancient ways .	rediscover your ancient habits .
novy dvor 1052 , sk-92521 sladkovicovo selecta pacov starodvorska 352 pacov , cz érdi gyümölcs és dísznövénytermesztési kutató fejlesztő kht .	os valores foram , em princípio , calculados segundo o sistema de classificação fao .
their gray skin was scaly , reptilian .	the grey scaly skin resembled the skin of a snake .
what the senators got from their people was generally on a par with reporting on the six o'clock news .	so senators get largely the same from their people as they can be learned from the reports at six o'clock in the evening .
have you found a job yet ?	did you find any work ?
no how about those strawberry frappés , drinks with little strawberries ?	not a strawberry frappé too , a drink with small strawberries ?
even without his leadership the shinano mountains are cruel . ''	the shambling mountains will be harsh without him. ``
i swear it ai n't nobody ! get on the floor !	i swear it was no one .
that 's the choice we make .	this is your choice .
“ listen , you little fuck , ” he said .	'listen , you piece of shit , 'he screamed .
michael kincaid , who illegally sold this performa 990 semiautomatic to kevin peltier smack-dab out of the trunk of his car ?	tell us about your deal with mr. kincaid , who from his car illegally sold this semi-automatic to kevin peltick .
well , i do n't drive .	i 'm not driving .
you do n't have permission to be aboard !	you 're not allowed to be on board !
`` earth is a place of seas and nothing but seas .	`` there 's only sea on earth , nothing but the sea .
her mother died , her world was turning upside down .	her mom died and the world turned inside of her .
i 'm not digging .	i wo n't dig .
let 's begin by re-deploying all mid-atlantic drone and satellite coverage to the d.c. area .	we begin relocating the centrepiece of central-atlantic drones and satellite coverage over the washington area and the surrounding area .
mrs. bates and mrs. elton were together .	mrs bates was in the room with mrs elton .
even though ... ... i thought you idealizedthe night of it .	but ... ... you got a little zidealized that night .
oh , you 'll love it .	you 're gon na love this .
moving several yards to her left , she looked around for oshere .	chreena moved a few yards to the left and started looking for oshere .
enable pop for mail that arrives from now on	activate pop protocol for mail , which comes from this time
one of the great colors .	it 's a great color .
then there 's ex-police officer ken deloach ... ... vice-president in charge of distribution .	this is former policeman ken deloach , vice president of distribution .
this ca n't be .	that 's not possible .
the two atreides guards also opened fire , vaporizing the waves around the flickering creature .	both atreides armsmen began to fire as well and vaporized the waves beneath the monster .
i ca n't explain .	there 's no explanation .
would that not be the ultimate crime ?	is n't this an absolute crime ?
i produce feature motion pictures , no tv .	i 'm producing high-profile shots , no television .
i am a friend of linda .	i 'm lindy 's friend !
just put radiation right back in the air .	the radiation will come into the air again .
lооk at it . i 'll kill that bastard .	i 'm gon na kill that son of a bitch !
anyway , that 's one version .	this is one of the versions .
there 's a minor power fluctuation in the security grid .	i 'm detecting a little energy fluctuation in the safety net .
fuck me , that ai n't bad .	it 's not bad .
why is it not possible ?	why should n't this be ?
i got four guys left .	there are four of them .
`` he was a commando , '' suegar whispered worriedly .	'he was on strike squad , 'sjegar whispered fearfully .
that energy he redirected into his efforts to defend ithor .	he redirected his energies to effort in the defense of ithora .
you 're wrecking my whole show .	you will destroy my entire show !
shit . stupid motherfuckers . yes .	son of a bitch .
start page en/motorcycles cz/derbi sk/derbi pl/derbi de/derbi en/derbi	start page en / motorky cz / derbi sk / derbi pl / derbi de / derbi en / derbi
first , we must examine whether each of these principles can constitute an independent criterion .	first , it is necessary to address the question of whether those principles can always form their own yardstick .
i do n't travel farfrom home without family .	i 'm not out of the house without a family .
le croisé » d'un rapport d'armure = 85 % en poids de coton , d'un poids >	fils simples de coton , en fibres peignées , contenant en prédominance , mais = 125 décitex mais
you know that dream you got about that little energy company in california ?	do you remember your dream of a small energy company ?
by 7 pm ... ... almost everyone is drunk .	by seven o'clock in the evening , they 're nearly all drunk .
i am being raped !	they rape me !
other men draw a larger circle and bring within their brothers and sisters .	other people draw bigger rings that encompass their sibling and their sibling .
this is the honest truth .	that 's pure truth .
good , 'cause i do n't have any left .	all right , 'cause there 's nothing left .
greece ’ s bogus debt deal	the false deal on greek debt
a merchant band is carrying goods with just 20 guards	a group of merchants carrying only 20 guards .
when the stalker feels as if they 've been in some way betrayed by their love object , this often leads to violence against the target .	when the stalker gets the impression he was , however ... betrayed by the object of his love ... this situation often culminates in a violent breakdown .
the three of us should have a games night .	we should play tonight .
i bet this whole thing is illegal .	i 'm sure it 's illegal .
we did n't find him for ten years .	we have n't found him in a decade .
you think the two are connected ?	do you think it 's related ?
baby , did you just hear yourself ?	honey , are you even listening ?
leave it there and you 'll have an accident if the children get at it . ''	if you leave him here , there will be an accident when the children find him. ``
me and my mum are visiting .	my mother and i went to visit her .
we are going to lose somebody big today .	we 're gon na lose someone strong today .
brainiac is replacing your memories with kryptonian data .	brainiac 's probably changing your memory for kryptonian .
values to query colors for	values whose colors will be found
panty-man ... power up !	red-man ... ... recharging !
wo n't maurice 's mustache be the making of him ?	do n't you think maurice 's moustache will be his work ?
they 're waiting for flowers at russky standart .	yes , varham mamedovich - customers wait for flowers !
then nice work .	so great job .
by any chance ... did na ae ra tell you ?	is n't it possible that ae ra told you ?
it 's not going to be that bad	it wo n't be so bad .
i wonder if i might request a dance from your gorgeous daughter ?	can i ask for your dazzling daughter 's dancing ?
no ! by following our dreams we make our own truths !	by going beyond our dreams we create the truth ourselves !
do n't worry , darling .	no fear , baby .
they disappeared when it was dark .	they were gone by the dark .
get in there , buddy !	come on , mate !
it is the shame of a law that would uphold a financial transaction upon that atrocity .	it 's a disgrace to a law that promotes financial transactions in these crucifixes .
you shall return to the forest .	you go back into the woods .
why 's everybody running ?	why do they all escape ?
you bought my car and everything .	i bought a car for it .
well , i do n't fight .	i 'm not fighting .
this is a simple assault .	it 's just an assault .
that 'll be too late .	well , it 's too late !
unlike otherjihadis who die at the push of a button these are suicide bombers ... in slow motion	they 're going to break up the jihadists who die by pressing the button . it 's suicide bombers .
'we got a hurt guy here !	there 's a wounded man here !
compute archimedes ' constant pi to arbitrary precision	calculates archimedd 's constant pi with any precision
they are not responding .	they do n't respond .
oh , did we mention it ?	we talked about this ?
several withdrawals totalling over 30k over the last few months .	a couple of withdrawals , totaling nearly 30 grand in the last couple of months .
i would n't worry !	i 'd be worried !
a victim would start shaking within seconds of infection .	victim seconds after the infection starts to shake .
vandalism assault of male students assault of the student dean	vandalism , attack on students , attack on students ...
does n't look like the register 's been touched .	looks like the cash registers did n't touch .
there 's something about a sulfuric acid man .	men with sulfuric acid have something to do with it .
what the sun-dappled hell is echo doing at fremont ?	what on earth does echo do in freemont ?
this is what we call publicity .	it 's called publicity .
you 'll be great .	it 's gon na be awesome .
why everybody ? all must let me have sense of guilt .	why does everyone ... want me to feel guilty ?
what 's it saying ?	what does he say ?
oh , these are my girls .	they 're my daughters .
this one has expired .	it 's expired !
i was wondering how long it would take .	i wonder what took you so long .
it is n't polite to interrupt people while they are eating .	it 's not polite to disturb someone when they eat .
why your picture not on this ?	why do n't you have a picture here ?
my parents are asleep .	parents sleep , same as a nurse .
someone ate this ?	has anyone eaten that ?
then , you must speak to your spy , discover what arthur will do next .	you have to talk to your spy and find out what arthur is going to take .
using a broad-bladed knife jaim cut several thick branches , handing them to kaelin for carrying .	jaim slashed a large knife with a broad knife and handed it to kaelin to carry them .
we 're no longer unblemished specimens of pre-death homo sapiens . ''	we are no longer tainted by samples of pre-lethal homo sapiens. ``
los servicios de la comisión efectuaron el trabajo a partir de las distintas contribuciones aportadas durante estos diez últimos meses .	i 'm sure you do n't mind the kommissionens tjenestegrene pje grundlag af de forskellige bidrag , der er indkommet i lùbet af de sidste ti mòneder .
takes some serious balls to walk away from three million bucks .	it takes a lot of balls to throw $ 3 million .
refresh disk and volume views	update display of disks and volumes
you think i 'm still not scared ?	i was n't afraid ?
any other ideas ?	do you have another idea ?
failure is not an option .	failure does n't come .
are n't you gon na examine me ?	you 're not going to look me up ?
the temple at neraka , where he 'd been imprisoned !	a temple in neruda , where they imprisoned him .
fujiki you still have the kogan-ryuu inner mukuroku technique .	fujiki , kogan-ryuu has an even srat technique .
her smile was beautiful .	she had a wonderful smile .
we do n't fight in the desert !	there 's no desert !
if a cat would let me kiss it , i 'd kiss it .	i kiss cats when they leave .
what are they fighting about ?	why do they fight ?
cooperate to arrest lana !	cooperate on lany 's detention !
the place smelled wonderful .	it smelled really good .
shut the fuckin ' door !	close the fucking door .
i 've got ta go !	i have to go .
clearly ... ... it is not nothing .	obviously , it 's more than nothing .
`` i say it is so , '' he replied , surprised and slightly outraged that his honesty should come into question .	`` because i 'm telling you , '' he answered , surprised and partly angry that he had doubts about his integrity .
l-l-i got no gun .	i-i-i do n't have a gun .
which means hank is in the lead .	that means hank 's leading up .
jason 's beat you since mcleod and his gunmen rode in .	jason 's stronger because he drove mcleod with the gunmen .
dear ... $ 50 .	for you , baby , 50 .
i had him watched closely by embassy personnel .	i let him keep an eye on the embassy staff .
showing and hiding informational alerts	display and hide information alerts
somebody up there loves us !	someone likes us upstairs .
remember your training and trust your instincts .	remember training , rely on instinct .
he cried aloud , and understood all at once .	he screamed loudly , finally understanding everything .
but he knows to an absolute certainty that we will respond against his cities .	but he is certainly sure that we would answer the attack on his cities .
type of idling adjustment screw : …	screw type for idle setting : ...
this is for lefty .	it 's for leckie .
sometimes visitors bring a sickness that kills others but not themselves . ”	sometimes visitors bring illnesses that do n't kill them , and the other do. ``
there 's one missing .	you 're missing one !
it was really good .	very good , actually .
listen , i was thinking we could take those pictures and photoshop them to make you look as skinny as you want .	look , i thought we 'd take these pictures , we 'll fix them in photoshopped , and you 'll look thin .
i trust the young woman is gon na make a full recovery ?	do i believe that young woman will fully recover ?
this is a home for young girls .	you 're in a young girl 's house , sir .
just 5 more minutes .	only five minutes left .
grendel ... why did you do that ?	grendel , what have you done ?
my stupidity began this whole thing .	it all started with my stupidity .
michael . how 's things going ?	how are you doing , michael ?
you did not make a reserve , captain ?	you do n't have a reservation , lieutenant ?
you look as if you have a belly ache .	`` you look like your stomach hurts .
this is fun !	it 's gon na be fun .
you 've not been sleeping .	you did n't sleep .
so we 're gon na drive into the tunnel full of fucking smashed cars ...	i want you to hit that tunnel full of smashed cars .
let 's go to paris ...	we 're going to paris .
and so did jebedia loven .	even jebediah loven knew .
lmmediately the green beret says ,	green beret will say :
first , shut down the engines .	the first step is engine shutdown .
how 's your tummy feeling ?	is your stomach all right ?
krista : his temperature 's 103 .	the temperature is 39.5 .
h-how did the enemy ... ? enemy troops !	it 's another enemy army !
we 're clean . nobody 's listening .	no one is listening .
there 's some american lads coming over .	a couple of guys from america are coming .
about your husband , he felt differently .	your husband does n't think so .
have i forgotten anything ?	am i forgetting something ?
is this he ? '	is that him ? ``
'i dream too . '	`` even i dream . ''
hey , lighten up , jerk !	calm down , fool !
and for you to hear about my life beyond this place ... i suppose it spoils your picture of me ... that perfect one you have inside your head .	if you had heard of my life behind these walls , i think you would have spoiled the idea ... of my perfection you wear in your head .
and i get mine !	i 'll catch mine .
give him these , would ya ?	could you give it to him ?
rimpac is a military ballet of 14 navies ... 20 , 000 navy personnel .	the rimpac is a naval `` ballet '' for 14 states ... ... and 20,000 seamen .
unable to rewrite line % d	could not overwrite % d
has mother asked after me ?	did my mother ask ?
there has n't been a mission shadow squadron could n't complete .	there was still no mission control by the shadow squadron .
would you care tojoin us for a drink ?	shall i get us something to drink ?
he 's not gon na cancel .	it wo n't cancel .
everywhere , as long as i get out of here .	anywhere , just as far away from here .
does nietzsche begin with an 's ' ?	`` nietzsche '' is `` s '' at the beginning ?
i slowed down because i had barberé following me-	i slowed because barberra was behind me .
somebody 's been raiding spandau ballet 's closet , have n't they ?	someone passed the spandau ballet wardrobe , huh ?
negatives ; intermediate positives other positives :	negative ; auxiliary positive other positive :
open clan warfare means an end to your conquest on the barbarian world . '	an open war of clans would mark the end of your conquest of the barbarian world. ``
someone 's sent you a penis shot ?	did somebody send you a picture of your dick ?
... double their usual rate .	twice their normal rates .
evidently he 'd gone to some other chamber within the building .	the other obviously headed for another room in the house .
'same as your dad .	`` just like your father .
his scorched , damp , bedraggled uniform was flecked with little fluffy bits of drying foam .	on an iron-pressed , wet , raked uniform filled him with puffed-out cues of fire-extinguishing foam .
around about 12:00 ...	around 12 o'clock .
afraid the old lady will hear ?	are you afraid this woman is going to hear this ?
perhaps he 's picturing all that money going bye-bye .	maybe he says goodbye to the money .
got ta sell the pafko .	i have to sell pafka .
there must be no sign of fungal , parasite or insect damage , no rancidity or any foreign odour or taste .	the mantle must not be damaged by fungi , parasites or insects ; it must not be stale and must not naturally smell or taste .
# till this morning is this evening	until the evening changes in the morning
his machines would never allow it .	the machines will never let us .
are n't you gon na park ?	you 're not parking ?
i fear dying in here ... while my city burns .	i 'm afraid i 'm going to die here when my city is on fire .
add or modify a scheduled task	add / change scheduled job
it has become one of the most profitable criminal activities globally .	he now ranks among the most profitable crime at a global level .
is my breath really that bad ?	carlos , do i have such a bad breath ?
table 9.3 — follow-up to observations from past annual reports observations action taken further action needed ?	table 9.3 - follow-up based on findings of previous annual reports reactions submitted actions need for further measures ?
taking their cue from little richard , the swank london mods – short for modernists – were the first to wear mascara and lacquer their hair .	mods - this is short for `` modernists '' - in london they had a model of little richard . they started licking their eyelashes and lapping their hair .
wo n't these vampires be pissed off that you 're giving away secrets ?	do you want these vampires to be angry because you reveal their secrets ?
i 'll never see you again ?	wo n't we see each other again ?
these simulations are a very good to study the development complex systems , such as galaxies and galaxy clusters .	these simulations are notoriously interesting ways of studying how complex systems like clusters of galaxies and galaxies evolve over time .
you 'll be ours .	you will belong to us .
flagg had been careful to make thomas his friend . . . and to make thomas fear him .	flagg had made sure he had become friends with tomas ... and to be afraid of thomas .
'i have heard of the earl ceoris .	`` i 've heard of count ceorid .
certainly , it is most strange .	i 'm sure it 's very strange .
before going to go through your consolation prize , right ?	before you leave , pick up the consolation prize , okay ?
you got ta admire ziegler 's style of debate .	ziegler 's discussion must be admired .
and i 've been thinking `` let 's merge . ''	and i thought , `` we 're gon na do a merger . ''
she exists in a world of working adults , so very far away from me .	she belonged to me to a distant world of adults who go to work .
allthe news reporters are here .	there 's journalists here .
no one 's dying here .	no one is going to die !
bit odd , but no harm in him .	a little strange , but he did n't hurt anyone .
is everybody 's mouth really dry ?	do you all have a dry mouth , too ?
break speech into chunks between pauses	split speech on parts of pauses
listen , the boulder pd got a call from the principal at the local elementary school .	listen , at boulder city police department , a director of a local primary school called .
that man 's so ugly , when he sweat the sweat run backwards off his forehand just to stay away from his face .	this guy is so nasty when sweat runs out of his forehead to avoid his face .
you 're too close to this .	it 's too much for you .
department with affiliated active sub-departments may not be deactivated	the department with associated active sub-sections can not deactivate .
the adults are too big to do it , so the babies just sit up in trees till they 're big enough to look after themselves .	the adult organ is too heavy for that , so the cubs simply sit on a tree for as long as they can take care of themselves .
black ... expensive ... backseat all splattered with blood and ...	black , expensive , blood spattered in the back seat .
the police have openly confessed that they can at present make nothing of it .	the police have admitted quite openly that she does n't yet know the advice of her .
for this reason there is no truth comparable to sorrow .	therefore , it can not compare any truth to the suffering .
last night a week ... last night a week ...	last day of the week .
most of the tv screens which had been showing pic­tures of calla bryn sturgis the last time she 'd been here were now broadcasting either snow or test-patterns .	most of the television screens , which showed scenes from calla bryn sturgis at her last stay , were now broadcast only by snowfall or monoscopy .
she does have syphilis and clap :	he 's got syphilis and gonorrhea. ``
'but you are a man , and men must face what they fear or be destroyed by it . '	`` but you 're a man and men have to face their fears or it will destroy them . ''
i hope dad hasn ' t gotten too fat	i hope your father has n't taken too much .
'cause you went to the bathroom on mommy 's dishes ?	because you took a bath on your mama 's soup bowl ?
word can not locate the hyphenator file .	could not find a hyphenation file .
use of the sword demanded a skill level that no scrambler grenade or bruteforce weapon would ever require .	its use required skills such as an e-grenade or heavy weapons would never be required .
i can not , to hear now this .	i ca n't listen to it right now .
the accommodations were wonderful .	the accommodation was amazing .
i 'm doing the rest on my own .	no , i can handle the rest by myself .
that nong is a momma ’ s boy .	nong 's mom 's son .
now the sacred tree you were talking about .	what holy tree are we talking about ?
you can have my pizza crust .	i 'll share a crust of pizza .
your sperm is being discarded .	your semen will be eliminated .
`` the lord of lords and king of kings is coming to anoint you for the ministry tonight . ''	the two sartorial andels came to me and told me that the evening would come to the service of lord lord and king of the king .
just then margarita saw azazello hand the platter with the skull to koroviev .	margarita saw azazello handed himself a bowl of koroveva 's skull .
what 's the threat ?	what are you gon na threaten me with ?
room 's three quid a week . first week in advance .	the rent is three pounds per week .
are there any more cars left ?	is there a car ?
someone is still inside .	someone 's in there .
besides waiting for a donor , is there no other method ?	can you do anything other than just wait for a donor ?
at times like this the image of old sergeant kepple floated across his memory .	at such moments the old corporal nakopla 's image emerged from the depths of vimes 's memory .
we got ta be careful .	we have to watch out .
`` any chance they might be a deception ? ''	`` is it possible to have a fraud ? ''
history 's funny !	history is fun .
that moron 's going to die .	the fool will die .
that 's good ?	is it okay ?
that crippled you for several days .	which started you in a couple of days .
we intend no evil to rohan , nor to any of its folk , neither to man nor to horse .	we do not intend any harm to rohan , and none of the horses or horses .
good morning . miss seo .	hello , miss manager .
where are these mangoes ?	where 's the manga ?
maritta did not appear worried , however .	but marita did n't seem afraid .
a shark 's really cool .	the shark is great .
liver enzyme tests were normal .	liver enzymes test was fine .
armed police are outside .	there 's police with guns out there .
do n't you know about the incident ?	have you heard of the accident ?
those double-crossing sexy , sexy sluts !	you treacherous hot , sexy bitches .
nobody was telling me nothing . i know i was not ...	no one told me .
professor hawking has made a move .	professor hawking took the first step .
um , he spent his whole life hating vampires .	they hate vampires all their lives .
`` and that 's still true today ; as true as it ever was . ''	`` such is the truth , and she has always been . ''
had she used vampire scent on him ?	was she using vampire perfume then ?
i have definitely made friends because of glee .	thanks to glee , i got new friends .
that does n't surprise you ?	you 're not surprised ?
a condition for benefiting from the arrangements shall be that the advantages are actually passed on to the end user .	a condition for the application of the scheme is that its benefits will indeed benefit the final consumer .
we do ! stevie nicks is going to perform !	yeah , stevie nicks will be there .
are you charles w. grimes ?	you 're charles w .
we must preserve these .	we have to keep this .
if time were n't an issue and choice of one 's mate could be driven solely by one 's heart .	if the problem had not been a problem , the choice of mate could only be managed with a heart .
anybody in there ?	is anyone inside ?
post-secondary education ( non-university higher education course or short university course lasting at least two years )	post-secondary education ( non-educational attainment or shorter university degrees in a statutory minimum of 2 years )
an israeli operative had been dispatched to the area and would reconnoiter ahead of striker .	an israeli agent was sent to the area to examine it before the striker arrived .
frank stanley just escaped !	frank just got away .
when did that get here ?	where 'd that come from ?
you are honest and gentle and everything else that is good , ''	you 're being honest , nice and very , very nice. ``
i will not allow the sacrifice of an innocent .	i wo n't let an innocent child be sacrificed .
our money-train debt is paid in full .	our debt will be repaid completely .
'have we id 'd this one yet ? '	`` do we have an id here yet ? ''
let me start over , all right ?	i 'm gon na start again , okay ?
hallo good evening ewa jezierski speaking	good evening , this is eva jeziersk .
tears sprang to her eyes at the thought that nicky 's concern should be for her .	the tears came to her eyes when she realized what nicky was worried about .
i 'll say this for harryjekyll :	tell this to harry jekyll :
those policies need not be applied when the effect of applying them is immaterial .	these rules may not be applied if the impact of their applications is insignificant .
do you have any human knowledge ?	do you know anything about humans ?
let 's go , double line !	come on , double row .
in my opinion , a criminal could not hide up here in metropolis .	i do n't think there 's a place in metropolis where a criminal might be hiding .
we wan na dumb down .	we want a fool in this .
that 's because you do n't listen to me .	that 's ' cause you 're not listening .
oh , i was n't listening .	i did n't listen to you .
you forget i do n't have to depend on cavalry pay .	you 're forgetting that i 'm not addicted to cavalry .
are we seeing letters here ?	i see the letters ?
put that down . this is not an episode of television .	this is n't a tv show .
'hey , the burnt patches are growing back - see ? '	`` hey , those burned places are going to grow - see ? ''
mabry , out here you ai n't telling me nothing .	mabry , you 're not gon na tell me anything .
hot dogs , nice and hot !	hot dogs . hot dogs . hot dogs .
has he killed someone ?	did he kill anyone ?
she loved these !	he loves them !
i gave the order for his assassination .	i gave orders to kill him .
it 's fine . everybody 's here .	they 're all here .
ever heard of her ?	did you hear about her ?
his features were sharp , anglican ; hiseyes hazel beneath generous eyebrows that were darker than hisshort , greying hair .	the sharp-cut features suggested more english than american origin , as well as hazelnut brown eyes under thick brows , darker than cropped grey hair .
i 'm too valuable .	me , too important .
there was no milk to spill out .	the milk did n't leak .
c'mon , go to the eastern fort !	go , east fortress .
has he been charged ?	is he accused of something ?
you 're telling us you have $ 12 million in actual damages from your eviction ?	are you saying that real compensation is $ 12 million ?
display free space capacity bar in status bar	show a vacancy in a status bar
the snow is falling and all is well ! it 's christmas time in hell !	snow falls and everything is fine when we have christmas in hell .
`` with dogs , the dogs would bite me .	i was bitten by dogs .
you got my confidence sky high .	you took my self-confidence to heaven .
sold in souvenir shops .	they sell in souvenirs .
sylvain , you must kill metamorphis !	sylvaine , you have to kill metamorph .
information on procuring entity decisions 14 .	information relating to the decision of the contracting authorities 14 .
well , i got ta say , this is one weird fucking town .	i have to say it 's a strange city .
he said it was a stuck valve .	according to him , the valve 's stuck .
'sister jennifer certainly looked very odd , ' was the most william was going to concede .	`` the sister of jenovene really looked a little strange , '' was all nicholas was willing to concede .
so there 're no bereaved family or lawyer involved , stupid .	because he 's not involved in any kind of grieving family and lawyers , stupid .
second part ‘ action to counter agricultural price speculation and volatility ’	second part `` measures for combating speculation and price fluctuations in agriculture ; ''
colonel , each dog licks its own dick .	colonel , every dog is licking his balls .
he had to resign .	he must have resigned .
remember the dream i used to have after we made love ?	do you remember the dream that he gave me for making love ?
it was a cold , dark evening such a long time ago when , by the mighty hand of jove	it was one cold and dark evening , long after jupiter 's powerful hand had sent us apart .
they 're taking us from a top-tier global consulting firm to an in-house consulting group .	they are made of our top international consulting firm a member of the counselling group .
there is , however , another way of looking at the argentine tragedy .	argentina 's tragedy , however , can be seen from another perspective .
left it in the taxi ?	did she leave a cab ?
can you tell gabi her dad called ?	tell gabe his father called .
only the power-pack gave them reality .	it 's just a transmuter that turned them into reality .
i ca n't stop it !	it 's not stopping !
they 're eating you alive , the beggars .	god , it 's gon na eat you alive .
i wan na die of bronchitis !	i want to die for pneumonia !
hey , remember that one time at band camp , when we licked whipped cream off each other 's ...	you remember when we used to get whipped cream from a summer camp out of ...
i give in to serious acts of violence .	i 'm stepping down from gross violence .
normally , for a gunshot , we 'd be using a general anesthetic .	normally , i would use an overall anesthesia in the bullet wound .
when we eat and where is our food ?	hey , arkady , when do we eat ?
the story of everything there ever was ...	a story about everything that 's ever been
saddle shoes with denim ?	cowboy boots with a pair of jeans ?
it 's out of sync .	synchronization is off .
past ww2 overwhelming majority of german population had to leave behind this land , in which 6 centuries lived and worked .	after world war ii , the vast majority of the german population left the country , which affected six centuries .
michael ai n't no one to talk to nobody about nothin ' .	michael 's not gon na talk to anyone .
it had overtones of darkness that made him want to fly away in horror .	they carried in him a tinge of darkness before him to escape in terror .
would mockery achieve what head-on opposition could not ?	can he make a mockery of what direct objections do not ?
oh , it makes everybody cry .	everyone is crying .
he 's classy that way .	this is really classy .
multimedia technology and television	multi-media tech and tv
to get on me nerves now .	you 're getting on my nerves .
'and get my dinner . '	`` i want dinner . ''
fear is the little death that brings total obliteration .	fear is a small death , bringing complete annihilation .
be careful in there . beware of the jars !	watch out for the glasses !
just relax , man .	take it easy .
these are our armsmen 's offspring . ''	those are the children of our armsmen. ``
the ntsb concluded that mechanical failure was to blame .	the ntsb ended up being a mechanical defect .
what they saw was a sight none of them would ever forget .	at the sight of their eyes , they would not be forgotten .
we must talk about it first .	first , we need to discuss .
`` surely he shall deliver thee from the snare of the fowler and from the noisome pestilence .	`` he will release you from an osidla hunter , from a malignant pestilence .
you wan na be swimming ?	you want us to swim ?
so , at 16 minutes what i did is i slid my feet out	so i took my foot in the 16th minute
`the rain 's nearly given over already , ' said sam ;	'it 's almost stopped raining , 'said sam ;
so , tonight 's the night ?	so you 're going to meet tonight ?
the guy i just hit with my car .	the one i knocked down by the car .
select one or more items before clicking on edit permissions .	select at least one entry and then click the edit permission button .
nevertheless ... ..and i hope never will be .	however ... and i hope he wo n't .
`` theroc has so many things to offer .	`` theron can offer so much !
-no , it 's not .	no , he is n't .
we will be safe ?	are we in danger ?
this is no ordinary egg !	it 's not an egg !
i 've seen it ! it was horrible !	i saw him it was awful .
there 's one possibility .	we have only one option .
mattal : there 's a warehouse filling with sulphur as we speak .	the warehouse is now filling up with sulfur .
were you aware of the arrangements mrs french made to dispose of her money ?	did you know about mrs. french 's intentions concerning her money ?
here , the feckless west – torn between its democratic rhetoric and its antipathy to the islamists – showed its hand .	here , the incompetent west - ambivalent among his democratic falsehood and no sympathy for islamists - showed his eye .
wan na watch some porn first ?	do you want to watch porn again ?
you go , look after uncle lung !	take care of lung !
these are forgeries .	they 're fakes .
sun 's coming up , marshal .	the sun is rising , sheriff .
this machine over here runs his game program .	he 's running his battle games on this computer .
of woman , thomas aquinas knew precious little .	he knew very little about women thomas akvinsky .
you wo n't find any customers around here .	there 's not a lot of customers around .
gold team , on me .	the golden squad behind me .
and best friendship takes a whole lot more .	and much more is needed for your best friendships .
shall i get you started with cake samplings until she arrives ?	shall we begin with the cake tasting before it arrives ?
now back the fuck up before i kick you in your bitch-ass chin .	now get out of my way before i kick your fucking ass !
he reached out and unpinned her rear admiral 's star gently , fhen took a paired star from her and slid its pin through her collar .	subtly from his collar , he removed the contraband star , then took it from her hand to two stars , and clipped it to her collar .
president park participated in the opening ceremony ... ... and discussedthe environmental effects	president park was attending a ceremonial opening ... ... discussing an influential environment
oh , ok , and relax .	all right , calm down .
and there is nobody wait for me .	and no one 's expecting me .
we never anticipated the computer would manifest those fears into him .	we did n't expect the computer to embody these fears .
you wan na come check it out ?	you want to go look around ?
kids wan na sell , the wife does n't .	kids want to sell it , not a woman .
those noises , all ringing out simultaneously , blended into an unpleasant , irritating , decidedly ominous chorus .	these sounds , which came together at the same time , merged into one unpleasant , strange , ear-breaking chorus .
i know lavinia 's getting something from papa .	i know daddy wants to give lavinia some .
there were n't supposed to be any predators here .	there should have been no predators .
saturn 's rings await your approval .	saturn 's ring is waiting for you .
protocol sequence not found .	no protocol sequences registered .
how we doin ' ?	how are you doing ?
you have some problem of audition ?	do you have any hearing problems ?
seems to me nothing has changed ...	i do n't think anything 's changed ...
the baby-sitter will be here in a minute .	the babysitter 's gon na be here soon .
he felt her hands on his , and they were soft , clinging , strong , like steel under velvet .	he could feel the touch of her hand ; they were soft as velvet , but solid as steel .
it 's so strange !	this is so weird !
you are a formidable woman .	you 're an impressive lady .
'you 'll make your teeth crooked . '	`` your teeth will twist . ''
why is it always so dark down here ?	why do you always have such darkness ?
he did not mention that he would wait until waiting had dissolved into death .	he did n't tell them he was going to wait until the wait went to death .
burn victims buried victims , suffocating victims victims back inside ...	he burns victims , stirs the victim , kills his victims , takes his victim out of his skin .
the product may not be sold in nets .	network sales are not enabled .
oddly , its battle cry cut off sharply instead of fading as it plummeted to the depths beyond .	amazingly , his warfish stopped sharply , instead of gradually weakening as he plunged into the depths below .
screams , far away .	screams ... from afar .
the carry trade during this period was primarily aimed at maximizing returns rather than managing risks .	the carry trade has primarily focused primarily on revenue maximisation , not risk management , during this period .
marc 's a fucking douchebag .	mark 's an asshole .
thank you for being conscientious .	thanks for the conscientiousness .
live in some peaceful town , and be a stodgy citizen with my own house and my own bed .	to live in a quiet city and become a plump townhouse that has its own bed .
and generating one of the world 's largest private fortunes , surpassing bill gates practically , over night .	he produced the biggest private fortune on the continent and overshadowed bill gates virtually overnight .
i 'm going to hang , kevin ! i 'm going to hang !	they 're gon na hang me , kevin !
they got nothing !	they do n't have anything .
'your lady love need have no fear of me , ' moiraine told him drily .	`` your dear , she does n't have to be afraid of me , '' moiraine said dryly .
and you 're welcome for saving your goddamn life .	and be glad i saved your life !
the soldiers jumped to it like a pack of ravenous , wolves and tore through the secret door .	the soldiers hurled themselves at him like a starving wolf and ripped a clandestine door from the hinges .
you ca n't leave me hand cuffed to no goddamn tree !	you 're not gon na leave me hanging in a tree !
hamir bought me a purebred horse that only i was allowed to ride .	he bought me an arabian thoroughbred , just so i could ride .
get your motherfucking pimp ass over here now .	get your fucking pimp butt out of the car .
an infectious organism that can not be destroyed by any means , conventional , chemical , or nuclear .	a contagious organism does not destroy conventional , chemically , nor nucleates .
local policeman , school coastguard ! no matter who , find some .	the local police , the school watchman , i do n't care who .
the troops were all smiling happily as they slept .	the soldiers smiled happily in their sleep .
the monitoring trustee is to monitor the individual transactions .	individual transactions will be controlled by a controlling trustee .
emails you once thought were confidential were suddenly accessible to anyone .	the e-mails you considered confidential can suddenly be read by anyone .
the symptoms related to this hsr worsen with continued therapy and can be life- threatening .	these symptoms associated with hsr are worsening while continuing treatment and may be life-threatening .
relational aggression typical of adolescent females .	typical aggression in a teenage woman .
you 're gon na make my come , or i 'm gon na kick your butt .	you bring me to the top , or else i 'll kick your ass !
those arrangements can be short term or more permanent .	such agreements may be short-term or more durable .
`` every sentient thing in this universe thinks of itself first .	`` all intelligent things in the universe think in the first place .
the sun that rose on our sorrow this morning guards us in its course .	the sun rising this morning over our grief will be protected by us throughout the day .
did you miss me ?	am i missing you ?
i was going to have to be careful around bernardo .	i 'll have to watch out for bernard .
you hacked him that fast ?	did you hack it so quickly ?
sipping espresso , reading papers , talking on cell phones , writing in cramped notebooks , , playing with electronic organizers .	they sipped their espresso , read the newspaper , made phone calls , scribbled something in crumpled notebooks , stared into the electronic diaries .
girl , you 've been meant for this since you were born since she was born	this has been given to you since birth .
prof. frantisek vyskocil , rndr. , dsc	prof. rndr . františek vyjumped , drs .
and how do you dispose of ideas like honesty and loyalty ?	and where are notions such as ... honesty , loyalty ?
swensweg 5 2031 ga haarlem the netherlands	the netherlands teva nederland b.v .
it 's that huckster from tv .	he 's the guy on tv .
so that it would say that i must say to him to my mother . will kill to you when it finds out .	because he would have told me to tell my mom , when donna finds out , he 's gon na kill you .
i set myself directly in front of you .	you see , i did n't go directly against you .
this is an outrage .	it 's an insult .
we can not let this pass .	we ca n't leave it like this .
fire 's got it under control .	the fire came out of control .
too cute to be talking .	it 's very lovely to talk about .
he does n't listen to the public anymore .	he 's not listening to an audience .
nothing 's flying in this fog .	you ca n't fly in a fog like that .
'following us ? ' kalten demanded .	'they 're watching ? 'kalten asked .
( knock on door ) coffee 's getting cold .	the coffee is getting cold , open up .
you 're not saying shit till you guys lawyer up .	you ai n't gon na say shit until you find a lawyer .
so , about that dance .	to the dance ...
mozart is not entirely to be trusted alone with young ladies .	you ca n't trust mozart with young girls .
he -- he loved that dumb treehouse .	he loved the silly little house .
at first there seemed no meaning within the noise , but riowly a single word became clear within the chant .	at first it looked like it was just a sound without any sense , but it was slowly emerging from a single word .
put her belt on then .	let him take his seat belt .
coming up in here like you 're family , like you care ,	you came around here as a family as if you cared .
ga i gcás aerála uireasaigh caith cosaint riospráide .	ga i gspats greannú craicinn :
but you will understand , that what we have learned tonight , must be kept secret	but you know what you learned tonight is you have to keep it a secret .
fuck ! bite me , you fuck ! come here , you fuck !	come on , you son of a bitch !
i 've often thought of grégoire and marianne throughout these peaceful years that have brought me to this age .	i often thought of grégoira and marianna in those peaceful years , when i was a young man of my age .
i mean , for a guy his age , that 's like three hours to find a parking spot and three more hours to back out .	at his age , he takes three hours to park and another 3 before he gets out of there .
'you 'll die if you do that , ' lestat was saying .	`` if you make such things , you 'll die , 'lestat said .
`` your grandmother thinks that you have begun to notice girls seriously . ''	`` your grandmother means you should start looking really hard for a girl . ''
ca n't play ?	you 're not playing ?
your blood has grown thin as water through all the hours you 've lain here .	after those hours you must have blood thinning like water .
et rakendada ettevaatusabinõusid , et vältida segunemist põlevainetega…	et vältis tolmu / su / gaasi / gaasi / auru / pihustatud aine sisseingamist .
you 're gon na call up some of your friends who work the saloon	you call a couple of your friends what they do at the bar .
the roads are probably bad with the rain .	maybe there are bad roads in this weather .
the most recent greek debt bears evidence of illegitimacy and illegality .	the debt attributed to greece recently testifies to lawlessness .
i 've done plenty wrong .	i did a lot of bad things .
but the third factor deserves greater attention , since it is of essential importance for establishing future alliances in europe .	but more attention must be paid to the third fact , which will be of the utmost importance for the design of a future european alliance :
i got ta catch my breath .	let me just take a breath .
as though we can curl up with it on a rainy afternoon	it 's as if we could study it in a rainy morning
'the canterbury tales . '	`` canterbury stories . ''
that does qualify as unusual .	this can be considered unusual .
táblázat : a postabank javára hozott intézkedések tétel dátum összeg tőkeemelés 1998. december 152 milliárd forint portfóliótisztítás 1998 .	a postabank conszolidációs megállaòs szerinti kötelezettzenzettségeinka elengedése 2001. november 2.7 milliárd forint ( 10 )
anyway , apprentice or not , a friend is a friend .	but do n't make an apprenticeship . a friend remains a friend .
elena , in the name of god .	for god 's sake .
carmelo 's a lot closer .	carmela is much closer .
will you attend the mccarthy hearings ?	are you taking part in mccarthy 's hearing ?
medical care and airlift ...	medical care will be provided .
that it was not just logical to be good , it was also logical to be spiteful .	logical is n't just being good ; it makes sense to be malicious too .
the suicide bombings , the attacks against innocent humans ... ... you 're throwing pebbles at a giant .	more suicide bombs , attacks on innocent people ?
i will engage s-ka-dae in five ... four ... three ... two ... one .	blow skd in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 2 ... 1 ...
hey , i owe you a big thank you , man .	you have a great thanks for me .
progress was made in reforming the health system .	it has advanced health-care reform .
48 hours went by ...	and she watched you for 48 hours .
there will be no waiting .	we wo n't wait .
they keep rejecting it .	they 're still refusing .
we 've isolated the gene fairly quickly .	gene managed to isolate us very quickly .
here we go , drinks ... ... and ... sammy bucas ...	there it is , drink and sammy buccy .
it made me feel sorry to you .	i felt sorry for him .
they talk to harry , he wo n't be stealing no more the tv .	harry would never steal the television .
i suppose they 're not even informed that they 're testing a new drug ?	i guess they do n't even know a new drug is being tested .
prosecution remains deficient , with a very limited number of convictions .	the prosecution continues to be inadequate , it has been delivered with very little judgment .
for now , they 're shooting prisoners , and we got one kraut rifle with , what ?	but they shoot the prisoners so far , and we have the only kraut 's rifle .
i 'm sure toranaga will realize that we have had his interests at heart over yabu 's .	toranaga would certainly appreciate the fact that there were more interests at his heart than the interests of yabu .
it'il do everything but cook your breakfast .	he can do it all except for cooking breakfast .
the case for slowing population growth	why to slow population growth
eating , sleeping , flying around like crazy ... ... raising gobs of squabs .	they just eat , they sleep , they fly like crazy , raising young .
brings the really really bodicek with this climber ?	will bodiceget really get that climber ?
i have not been outside these doors for ...	i did n't come out of these doors ...
otherwise , we 're not gon na make it through the night .	by the way , i 'm not going to do it all night .
custody hearing went badly ?	custody did n't go well ?
i wanted someplace quiet where we could talk , before your official meeting with allegre and the galactic affairs chief tomorrow . ''	i wanted a quiet place to talk before you officially meet with allegrem and the head of galactic affairs tomorrow. ``
on a good day , cranes can travel 500 miles .	for good days cranes can fly over 800 km .
give me a card .	i 'll take the card .
wait ... ... more protesters ?	wait , other demonstrators ?
i do n't care about stupid zomcon rules .	i 'm not interested in the stupid zomcon laws .
twice as hard , you hear me ?	two times harder , you know ?
in the nine days ... ... since the first discovery of the non-human species ... ... scores of so-called `` covens '' have been uncovered .	nine days since they were first discovered by non-human species , a series of so-called clans were found .
reading with no emotions .	you do n't read with emotion .
as iraq 's own sources of revenue increase , in particular through higher oil production levels , its requirements for external donor assistance should decline .	with the growth of iraq 's own resources , primarily from the oil-rich oil , its appetizers should be lowered to help from external donors .
that 's your area .	this is your space .
he had been very careful to do nothing that could be taken as threatening .	he was careful not to do anything i could consider a threat .
that 's our professional 'relationship , not us sharing details about our personal life .	this is our professional relationship . we do n't share personal life .
get a name for this aunt .	find out your aunt 's name .
we will be dealing with f-5sand a-4s as our mig simulators .	we 're going to use the f-five aa-4 as the mig simulators .
but if i do , i-i apologize for that remark , and ask that you definitely do rescue me .	but if i need to be saved , i 'm sorry , and i 'm sure you can save me .
look , he sings .	look at him singing .
dad feels a vigorous shaking bruises the gin .	my dad thinks a strong shake of gin is bad .
she does n't take anything seriously .	he 's not taking anything seriously !
whose turn is it tomorrow ?	who 's next tomorrow ?
has it been cold tonight ?	were you cold at night ?
i 'm gon na look for my woman .	i 'm going to check on my wife .
furthermore , clarifications regarding exceptionally high rates of non-conformity will be requested .	in addition , there will be explanations concerning significantly higher rates of non-compliance .
brin fought down the panic she could feel building slowly within her .	brin felt her panic slowly engulfing her , and she tried to control it .
these permits are valid for five years .	the period of validity of those authorisations shall be limited to five years .
more shouted orders , and the firing ceased .	further shouts of commands and fire ceased .
we 'll produce the electronic orgasm .	it 's an electronic orgasm machine .
how is all the work coming ?	how are things going ?
she 'll definitely kill herself	i 'm sure she would have killed herself .
you will send me message alerts .	and you 'll be sending warning messages .
i will correct the error .	i 'm going to fix my mistake .
now let me remove a rock .	now i 'm gon na remove one stone .
such disclosure indicates that :	these additional information will indicate that :
'something lascivious , i have no doubt . '	`` no doubt it was something unchaste . ''
i can do this by myself .	i could have done it myself .
i assure you i will not allow that to happen .	i promise i wo n't let it happen .
he thought the woréd of buck , my daddy did .	my father had high opinion about buck .
'have you lived here long ? '	`` do you live long ? ''
do n't you forget it .	let 's not forget this .
you 're gon na need it !	you 'll need him .
she was the one upon whom everything would depend .	everything depends on her .
these assets have been recorded as research expenditure but should have instead been classified as assets held for transfer .	instead of charging about this property as a property held in transfer , it was posted as spending on research .
you wan na erase your memory from the other timeline ?	you want to erase memories from that second time line ?
perhaps you should consider purchasing one of your own .	maybe you could buy one for yourself .
'by now , ' he said , 'someone should have said : `` but why , salzella ? ''	'but now there was a long way to say , 'but why , sardelli ? '
that kid is me !	i 'm the kid !
wan na come to work with me ?	do you want to go to work ?
oh , my god . what the hell ?	jesus , what do you want ?
almost 20 years of pitiless combat .	nearly twenty years of fierce fighting !
put it on that table .	set the table !
assistant commandant at dachau !	deputy leader in dachaui !
but it 's not comparable with a real letter .	but this ca n't be compared to a classic letter .
he said hell , i swear i just hell said .	i swear she fucking told me .
that is your friend 's one best shot .	this is the only chance for your friend .
are your bodyguards specially trained ?	do your men have special training ?
poor dog , joe thought , he had been beaten until he was afraid to wag his tail at his old master .	joe thought of himself as being beaten so that he was afraid of locking himself in front of his master .
welcome - please sit .	please have a seat .
gentlemen , this is why the cia is no place for a woman .	gentlemen , that 's why women do n't belong in the cia .
this bastard 's good .	that bastard is good !
i 'm not accusing anybody .	i wo n't blame anyone .
and for dollars , is their 30 million ,	so it 's $ 30 million in dollars .
you do n't even watch baseball .	you 're not looking at baseball .
i did not seem to have any broken ribs , though my guts still felt knotted from the kick i had taken .	it did n't look like my ribs were broken ; only my gut was still not feeling well after the kick .
so i stay very busy . you must be very busy too , with the elections .	you have to be a very busy election ...
it is cute , though .	but he 's cute .
that should please the slum landlords .	homeowners in the slum will be delighted .
it has to be maintained .	she must be kept .
we get our pay when children say	they pay us when the kids run up and say
nice bloke , just crap .	he 's a good guy , only shit .
maybe they think we ’ ve got millions of men and tonnes of ammunition .	maybe he thinks there 's millions of us and we have tons of ammo .
an anticipated 10 % price hike across the board ...	an estimated 10 % increase in oil prices ...
but it 's just not an option !	but this is not a solution !
excuse me , well i 'll cry for you .	i 'm sorry i 'm not crying .
we are not gettin ' outta here !	we ca n't get out of here !
those projects shall be carried out for the benefit of all states signatories of the ctbt .	the projects are implemented in such a way as to be beneficial to all signatory states ctbt .
he radiated confidence , and seemed unperturbed by the news that gaise macon could no longer be seen by his seer scouts .	there was a confidence emanating from him , and reports that his psychic spies could n't find gaise macon any more , undisturbed .
the quantity of method calls	number of methods calling
could i plunge the knife home before he tore out my throat ?	can i stab him before my neck is torn apart ?
these maternity clothes are so cool !	this maternity outfit is so cool .
they could easily be killed ...	it could easily kill them .
a separate aid application will have to be submitted for each stage .	each stage of support is given separately .
it 's either that or cutting into his brain and going on a fishing expedition .	either that , or we 'll have to cut into the brain and hunt down the pond .
if we 're not free , then we 're no different than cylons .	without it , we do n't deviate from the cylons .
this is a whole new world .	it 's a completely different world .
`` which is the path.. ' ''	`` what a journey.. ''
‚and what shall that design be ? ’ said elendil .	'what 's the plan ? 'said elendil .
these tiny markings can be difficult to identify .	this slight marking is difficult to discern .
control practices also vary greatly from one member state to another .	control procedures are also very different in different member states .
that fire is at le ronghe !	there 's a fire !
octal value is greater than \377	default\ 377 or\ 377
due back 13th or 14th .	return planned for 13 or 14 .
who owns this van ?	whose van is that ?
jean , i ca n't believe it .	jean , that 's not possible .
wait . i 'm gon na smack that guy .	wait , i 'll slap the kid .
meet me in the home-theater room tomorrow night .	i 'll see you tomorrow night at the house cinema .
accompanying cultural program during company meeting	the accompanying cultural agenda to a corporate conference
there are always sacrifices .	they 're always victims .
tell her , deeny .	say it to deena .
you re unbelievable !	you 're incredible .
thou needst not be surprised at seeing none .	you do n't have to be surprised by the fact that you have n't seen any .
it 's an outrage !	this is outrageous !
did you give it to her ? is this yours ?	does he have it from you ?
appropriate indicators of performance are an essential tool in setting and measuring targets for increased entrepreneurial activity .	performance indicators are appropriate tools to identify and evaluate the objectives of raising business .
i 'll slowly empty your belly too	i 'm going to empty your stomach .
beautiful women are a law unto themselves .	beautiful women have their own laws .
but not importantthey get signed today .	but he does n't have to sign today .
his breath gusted in heavy grunts , the snap of his wings loud amid the deep groan of muscle on bone .	he was breathing deeply , and the flapping of wings was loud despite the deep intensity of the muscles attached to the bones .
you have a good lunch .	enjoy your meal .
i 'm way over my minutes .	i do n't have any more minutes .
the treaty provides for strict neutrality .	the contract is strictly neutral .
and twitter and facebook , were actually operational .	and facebook was still in operation .
i 'm living large .	i live in big .
didthey put her on a train ?	did she take the train ?
i 've got to work that night anyway .	i should be working tonight .
with your religious beliefs ?	are you consenting to religious prejudices ?
put this man with the rest of the prisoners .	he puts that man to the other prisoners .
the handguns were m9 berettas , military-issue nine-millimeters .	the gun was a beretta m9 , an army nine-millimeter .
it went directly to my saved messages .	it moved straight into stored messages .
i 'm gabrielle solis .	my name is gabriella solis .
extended tictactoe game for gnustep	expanded version of pipettes for gnustep
my next patient must be a bit early .	the patient 's coming up a little early .
evidently the simple , monotheistic agrarian communards who had originally built koldyeze had planned for some very rainy days .	those monsoon-age arabian communities obviously built koldyeze in premonitions a lot of rainy days .
berhargaku goods they stole the cost over 1 million dollars !	berharakak has taken over $ 1 million worth of goods .
near the video arcade or the movie theater .	close to passage with a video or ... or a movie .
i 'm not hurt .	it did n't hurt me .
that 's completely normal .	yeah , you 're right . this is perfectly normal .
she is ashamed to raise her dress ...	she 's shy about picking up her dress .
she nursed me by day , a hired nurse looked after me at night , for in the mad fits i was capable of anything .	annie took care of me overnight and a nurse overnight .
you went to prison because of it .	you were in prison for that .
part of it was the truth .	this was partly true .
she is so small .	she 's such a little girl .
p.o . box 88 , 8500 ab joure , nl limagrain genetics grandes cultures s.a .	po box 7 , biddinghuizen 8256 zg , nl hzpc holland b.v .
started within 5 minutes 5 minutes .	it starts in five minutes .
it is the will of xoanon .	it 's xoanonon 's will !
just like this but ... but smaller !	exactly , but smaller .
`` which bears 12 manner of fruit	`` bearing twelve types of fruit . ''
i know there 's a thousand things you analyse every 10 minutes .	sure , you analyze thousands of things every ten minutes .
things were ... tough .	it was hard ...
i do n't suppose i 'd have much of an appetite if i was actually concussed .	i guess i would n't want to eat if i had a concussion .
she is quite possibly psychotic or schizophrenic .	he 's a likely psychotic and schizophrenic .
supposedly , a witness told police this was a gang shooting .	the witness told police he had done it by some gang .
distribution can be streamlined very simply .	distribution is easy to simplify .
singing by song vojtová .	he sings song ven .
you ’ re kidding . huh .	are you kidding me ?
`` a cool breeze and gentle rain do little to silence robert 's beating heart . ''	cold breezes and gentle rain ... .. .they could not assuage robert 's beating heart. ``
when does louis get back from his trip ?	when is louise returning from her trip tonight ?
shealmost got him killed a couple of times .	he tried to kill him several times .
okay . yeah , i actually want to try the crab cake . - it looks awesome .	i 'll try crab cakes . they look too good .
we will hear this matter of the desert .	let 's hear the desert thing !
not a why , not getting angry , not saying you 're sorry. , not prayers and not tears .	no `` why , '' no malice , no regrets , no prayers , no tears .
they signed an armistice .	a truce has been signed !
they think the city is theirs .	he thinks the city belongs only to them .
it 's her wedding day .	he 's getting married today .
‘ only products and devices supplied in accordance with the generally recognised rules of technology may be used .	`` only products and equipment which have characteristics according to recognised technical rules can be used .
in the crowded bar , the bartender will find me a table .	in a crowded pub , a waiter immediately finds a free table .
all right . for who ?	well , for whom ?
but in 6 months we never met anyone who traded with him .	within six months ... we found no one to trade with him .
we 're gon na play five !	the fifth set will be played !
in several remote placesunder strict military protection ... ... american scientistswere developing process 97 ... ... the secret ingredientof the atomic bomb .	in a few remote places under strict military protection , us scientists developed proces 97 , a secret ingredient in an atomic bomb .
i know it is not possible .	i know , it 's impossible ...
i may have been a bit hasty turning down that job offer so quickly .	maybe i did a little hasty , and she turned down the offer too quickly .
that 's not funny , kate .	kate , this is n't fun .
now billy flynn 's set your trial date for march 5th .	billy flynn went on his way on march 5 .
drop your guns !	put the guns down .
this seemed to get minho ’ s full attention—but again , there was that same strange look , as if thomas was missing something very obvious .	the words seemed to gain minho 's attention-but there was a curious look , as though thomas had missed something to be clear at first glance .
plead guilty to disturbing the peace ... no jail time , no fine .	confess the guilt in disturbing the peace , and you will avoid prison , even in order .
that does n't work anymore .	it 's not working anymore .
dried fly-agaric remind potato crisps by the taste . a little bit .	the taste of those dried toenails reminds me of the taste of mashed potato chips .
another post mortem reaction includes livor mortis , which begins at the moment of death .	another post-mortem response includes a livor mortis that will begin at this point of death
your father will kill ...	your father would have killed you .
so what now for frank prady ?	what 's going to happen to frank pradic ?
they must be found .	we have to find them .
no starttask set for routing % 1	did not build an initial job path % 1
lt jeigu sudirginama oda arba ją išberia .	lt sprogimo pavojus gaisro atveju .
`` perhaps we should tell buntaro-san about lord toranaga ?	`` maybe we should mention the prince to lord buntaro .
what it might do to other people .	what could happen to the others .
if i knew earlier , i would 've showed up in front of the young master first !	if i 'd known before , i 'd have shown him first .
a police chase through dorchester concluded with an fbi helicopter crash-landing inside boston 's dread reservation .	the police chase ended up crashing a helicopter at a reserve of boston dresses .
behold ... this dude .	look at this guy !
you robbed a man of his daughter ... ... and you just move on .	you stole his daughter 's men , and then you got over it .
looks like she 's alive .	he seems to be alive .
oh , yeah , well piii.. nooooo ... chio !	oh , yes piii .
mrs. drusse now has her ghost , bondo his sarcoma .	mrs drusse is finally having her specter and bondo her tumour .
this place is gon na be gorgeous .	it 's going to be beautiful .
are you gon na show me that id ?	can i see your id ?
but we do n't go into the houses any longer .	but we 're not going home anymore .
'i am sorry , ' she said .	`` i 'm sorry . ''
all hours of the day and night .	from morning to night .
i may be having an awakening .	i may have a waking moment .
“ with a russian editor who just lost one of his reporters to a professional assassin in courchevel . ”	`` i 'll talk to the russian editor , whom a professional killer recently told a reporter in courchevel . ''
wait ! what 's the thing in your hand ?	hang on . what are you holding ?
they 're doing a tough job .	they do rough and hard work .
pension arrangements spread over a number of insurers would increase administrative costs and reduce efficiency .	participation in various pension schemes in different insurers increases administrative costs and reduces efficiency .
i 'm meeting him for a romantic supper .	we 're going to a romantic dinner together .
it 's strange , thinking about going back to daily practice .	the thought of getting back to my daily practice is special .
nym , rouse thy vaunting veins .	nyme , burp your jarost .
does he know me ?	do you know him ?
remind me to pull your funding after i 'm elected .	when they elect me , remind me you want to finance something .
people are still starving .	and they 're still hungry .
he is n't in .	he 's not here .
why was he so unable to weep ?	how can he be so incapable of crying ?
accordingly , the question is not vitiated by any grounds of inadmissibility .	therefore , none of the submitted reasons for inadmissibility can be upheld .
it is paying homage to the memorial monument .	you will honor a monument to the monument .
mr guiton requests the presence of mr malaquet .	mr. malaquet , please come to mr. guiton .
she was a well-dressed middle-aged woman who used to be married to someone måns knew .	an elegantly-dressed middle-aged woman who had previously had a man named one of manson 's acquaintances .
so you thought calling her a stupid little effing something-beginning-with-c would help ?	and did you think it would help if you called her fucking stupid girl ?
he depicts a jilted woman who drowns herself when she discovers her paramour has fallen for another .	she describes an abandoned woman who drowned when she discovered her lover had succumbed to another woman .
by men they were almost forgotten .	people almost forgot about them .
you crazy fucking bad boy , trying to fuck your girl 's mama .	you 're a bad guy when you seduce your girl 's mom !
let 's marry tonight . - yes .	we 'll get married tonight .
how absurd to be thinking of that now !	it 's ridiculous to think about such things right now !
there are legitimate governmental interests in seeing that the sperm pool stays healthy .	it 's in government interest to make sure the sperm stays healthy .
he 's gon na be a guy that take care of you ... who will not manipulate you with sex ...	it 's someone who will care about you and you wo n't be manipulated by sex .
you boys have fun .	enjoy yourselves , boys .
from there it was a quick climb down to the street .	then he quickly climbed down into the street .
tough one , kid .	it 's hard , my boy .
therefore , no potential bidder was deterred from submitting an offer .	therefore , none of any potential bidders were discouraged from presenting the tender .
you just make life up as you go along , huh ?	you live your life like you do , do n't you ?
look , return to your car .	get back in the car .
their clocks two guys come out with hammers and hit each other .	the two guys who beat each other up with a hammer on each other .
in your fucking dreams .	not even in a dream .
not liked by whom ?	who does n't like ?
he 's down there lookin ' for food .	downstairs looking after the food .
the sharp query slipped out before inspector neele could control it .	the obvious question eluded inspector neel before he was able to control himself .
though it remains unknown how many citizens participated in the ritual activity ... ... 27 have become fatally ill with creutzfeldt-jakob disease .	although it remains a secret as many citizens have taken part in ritualistic activities , 27 have died after the outbreak of creutzfeldt-jakob disease .
you do this job for long enough and you end up thinking ...	you 're doing your job so long when you stop thinking ,
this impression is rei , is n't it ?	these feelings are rei , are n't they ?
a fire broke out at a five storey building in wanchai , this afternoon .	this night the fire destroyed 5 floors of the building at wanchai .
the fabergés are all madeof precious metals and fine jewels .	fabergé 's eggs are of noble metals and precious stones .
'they fired my village as they came in . '	`` they set my village on fire too . ''
i 'm translating a book for this lady , theresa .	i translated the book on mrs. teresa .
what is a nert ?	what kind of liquefies ?
sleeping like a baby .	sleep like an infant .
a large fleet of northmen have come ashore in wessex .	a great fleet of northerners landed off the coast of wessex .
somewhere close by something began to rattle loudly .	there was something noisily rumbling somewhere nearby .
you do n't carry a weapon ?	you 're not carrying a gun ?
i 've written half a book .	well , i only wrote half of the novel .
a manhunt was launched this morning involving over 200 officers from the yorkshire police .	an extensive search has been launched , attended by 200 police officers .
no , not `` you damn bastard '' .	or you do n't . `` you son of a bitch '' fades .
'did it mention i took personal charge ? ' he said .	`` do they mention i personally commanded there ? '' he asked .
it is the ultimate in concentration .	he 's at maximum concentration .
at one sale they got 100 reels of home movies for 50 cents .	once , they were able to buy for 50 cents 100 hits with amateur films .
lucky charms to protect you .	these are charms for good luck and for protection .
she may refuse her little one .	he can refuse his youngsters .
so maybe you ought to think about that .	maybe he would have thought of that .
he got arrested for allegedly robbing gun world .	they arrested him for an alleged robbery in a weapon .
a little moan escaped leigh 's throat .	leigh came out of the mouth of a low groan .
before new technologies can be introduced , they do need to be accepted by the medical professions .	however , prior to the introduction of new technologies , it is necessary to ensure that medical workers are recruited .
let 's just take the clock .	we 'll take only an hour .
i must 've been dreaming .	i had to dream .
and ... nobody really got hurt .	and no one came to be hurt .
on her 21st birthday the beautiful elén ( played by hana vítová ) discovers she was born out of wedlock .	on the day of her twenty-first birthday , the beautiful elene ( han vít ) learns she is an unmarried child .
server needs to be specified	you must specify a server .
how long is that gon na take ?	and how long will you think ?
come on , we 're gon na play a game now .	let 's play some fun game .
you should not come , i should not stay . ”	you should n't be there , just like i should n't be staying here. ``
now we 're going to have a seance .	now let 's make a séance .
the stake did n't just disappear .	the stake will not go away .
enough time so we do n't get killed ?	enough time to keep us from killing each other ?
they must be paying him off .	he 's got to pay him .
he was unable to reach either pendergast or d ’ agosta .	he could n't even contact pendergast or d'agosta .
you 're not gon na tase me again , are you ?	you wo n't give me any more , will you ?
have fun living with your dad for the rest of your life .	and enjoy your life with your daddy till he dies .
my commandment is this . : love one another , just as i love you .	that 's my commandment to make love to each other like i loved you .
okay , everything 's ready .	all right , we 're all set .
in truth you are an invalid who has lived way too long .	but you 're a real disabled man who 's lived too long .
dude , she 's stealing the truck !	he 's gon na steal the van !
maybe god thinks some people do n't deserve to see .	maybe he does n't think anyone deserves to be seen .
were you planning on saying goodbye ?	did you plan to say good-bye ?
if she 'd just admitted the mistake ,	if only she would admit she had made a mistake .
these developments had also a substantial impact on the forecasts in terms of disbursements for 2010 .	this development also greatly affected predictions concerning the 2010 payment .
this is virgil , mr young ...	that 's virgil , mr. young .
politics religion race it didn t matter	people started to look at everything globally did n't care about race , religion , political beliefs
it 's rising ... it 's rising !	he 's on the rise ...
we 're gon na read pages 187 to 192 again , now .	we 'll read it from page 187 to page 192 one more time ... .. .let 's go .
let you appear vulnerable so the threat reveals itself .	to make you feel vulnerable and show yourself a threat .
wan na dance ?	i want to dance !
i 've just got one huge favor to ask .	i only have one great request .
men sterilized because of political belief .	men sterilised from a political conviction .
he does n't seem to remember anything about the last five years .	she remembers nothing of the past five years .
therefore , that age limit should be used to divide the category of animals aged twelve months or less into two sub-categories .	it therefore seems appropriate to use this age limit for the distribution of animals within 12 months of age in two sub-groups .
why is this a joke ?	what kind of joke ?
to be a able to say we did our best . it allows us to die at peace .	so we could say we could do the best we could , and they could die in peace .
yes . you will have such cold .	it 'll be so cold .
let me get my jacket .	i 'm just gon na grab my coat .
ga ná ceadaigh teagmháil le haer .	ga ná lig suile , ar an gcraiceann , ná ar éadaí .
what a disgusting display !	it 's a disgusting spectacle .
destiny just means inevitable .	fate is just another word for inevitability .
'offer me proofs ! '	`` give me the evidence ! ''
there is also joseph .	joseph 's here too .
- criminalisation of users of services exacted from a person , with the knowledge that the person has been trafficked .	- criminalising user services provided by a person known to be victims of human trafficking .
it 's better than being incinerated here .	better to be burned in here .
or else , you would n't die in vain	otherwise ... you should n't die for nothing .
i never knew that eating could be such a pleasure !	i did n't know that food could be this pleasant .
then they all began laughing and applauding .	everyone started to laugh and clap .
perhaps they are mad , but have humans not shown sufficient religious `madness ' of their own ?	maybe they 're crazy , but did n't people get enough of themselves religious , crazy ?
not he/she is my boyfriend .	he 's not my friend !
she 's not asking what 2 plus 2 equals .	he does n't want to know how much is equal to 2 + 2 .
nobody 's making any judgments .	no one makes any conclusions .
is the universe still expanding fast ?	does the universe expand rapidly enough ?
you fucking shit !	son of a bitch !
she always hides everything ! !	it 's always hidden !
'exactly my plan , ' said karis drily .	`` that 's what i 'm planning , '' karis said dryly .
he does n't go anywhere without that thing .	he 's not going anywhere without finishing work .
'i ai n't working ! ' shouted coffin henry .	`` i do n't work ! '' cried jindra .
`` we 're gon na build a shoddy plant in an underdeveloped country	`` we want to build a junk factory in some undeveloped country .
sounds like an angry loner wanting to get revenge for them both .	kamal sounded like a madman seeking revenge .
stop screaming at me !	do n't yell at me .
article 15 ( 6 ) shall be repealed ;	in article 15 , paragraph 6 is deleted .
without a dream in my heart	no dreams at my heart .
'cause i got a few moves i know you 'll like .	because i know some moves you 're likely to love .
late one night at his desk , wrestling with columns of figures showing the dietary manipulation of various fats in experimental animals , augusto was hit with an idea .	one late night , augusta sat at a table , chewing a column of data about manipulation of different fats in animal slaughter , and then got an idea .
that was years ago , man .	it 's been years .
i may not leave here at this time but i would know she was ... well .	i ca n't leave now , but i 'd like to know he 's okay .
she 'll want to protect their child .	he wants to protect his baby .
i know this dude smelled funny .	i knew this was gon na be fun .
we will kill you .	he 'll kill us .
‘ what is happening ? ’ asked gamal .	'what 's going on ? 'asked gamal .
on saturday nights , mama would make me go to church .	i had to go to church with my mom every saturday night .
am i a joke to you ?	are you kidding me ?
i 'm not mumbling .	i do n't mumble .
this is should not have happened !	this is n't supposed to happen !
that thing is hunting in daylight , now !	the thing is already hunting for the day !
well , my horse is racing at santa anita opening day .	good ... my horse races on the day of the open door at st anity .
counseling has n't helped ?	consultation did n't help ?
dude . you okay ?	are you all right ?
i wan na get this cocksucker .	i want to get that fucker .
following this guy 's gon na be suicide .	going with him is suicide .
i used to ask her sometimes ... but she 'd only laugh and say she 'd given it away .	i asked her occasionally , but she was just laughing and saying she gave it up .
this is terrific .	oh , that 's great .
hostages are blocking the view	the hostage is obstructing the view .
and magnesium actually does give away two electrons .	in fact , oxygen accepts 2 electrons and magnesium 2 electrons .
she 's not marrying that guy .	he 's not going to marry him .
'we 're sticking with our theory , ' bannon said .	'we stick to our theories , 'bannon explained .
how 's your whore of a mother enjoying bali ?	how does your fucking mom use to go to bali ?
are these bitches on a permanent smoke break or what ?	does this bitch have a permanent cigarette break ?
she must be your faithful and beautiful companion .	and this lady , is your beautiful and loyal companion ?
your girls are drinking with mr. corrado .	girls , you drink drinks with mr .
of all the fuckin ' things she could fuckin ' forget ... she forgets my father 's watch !	stupid cow ... ... out of all those damn things ... ... you 'll forget your dad 's watch .
well , he 's not .	but he is n't .
the eesc believes this provision to be vital for dealing with natural disasters or exceptional occurrences .	the eesc considers that this is necessary for undeterred the solution in the event of a natural disaster or in other exceptional circumstances .
yeah , i 'm your friend .	you 're my friend ?
it is probably down behind this great ridge .	he 'll probably be down by that high ridge .
you thought she was with you for your looks ?	you think it 's a girl for you ?
well , he smuggled it in somehow , and that inmate 's going to die unless jt gets here with that antidote fast .	he sort of smuggled him out , and the inmate dies if j.t . does n't come here quickly with the antidote .
but diseases also traveled these routes .	but even illnesses have travelled along these paths .
that 's not nice . is that nice ?	that was n't nice , was it ?
“ restricted to industrial use and to professionals approved in certain eu member states – verify where use is allowed . ” ’	`` reserved for industrial use and for professional users approved in some eu member states - it must be verified where it may be applied . ''
throughout the long afternoon and into dusk , the leaders sought answers to the problems .	in the afternoon until nightfall , commanders were looking for solutions to their problems .
revive china society is established by suen man ;	the redevelopment of the chinese company is based on man suen ;
i-i manage the estate for maxim .	i 'm in charge of maxim 's estate .
'i shuspect it 'll get a lot hotter , ' said cohen .	'i have a sign that she will do much warmer , 'said cohen .
i mean , how does it make you feel to take an innocent human life ?	what 's it like taking an innocent man 's life ?
can i have my gun back ?	will you give me my gun ?
alex cross was hooked up to so many machines it was a visceral shock to see him .	alex cross was attached on so many devices that the sight must have shocked everyone .
fucking hell . it is her !	god damn it , that 's her !
the uruks are destroyed .	the orcs have been destroyed !
the tank in the ocean 's overthere , and it 's full of aviation fuel .	the tanker at sea is full of aerial gasoline .
let 's go see your mama .	let 's take a look at mommy .
1 580 grams isopropyl alcohol , and 790 grams tert-butyl alcohol , and 0,79 grams denatonium benzoate . ’	slovenia for a hectolitre of pure ethyl alcohol : 1 580 g isopropyl alcohol and 790 g tert-butylalcohol and 0.79 g denatoniumbenzoate. ``
story ideas ... let 's go .	ideas for the story , i 'm going .
i 've been thinking about a blood serum test .	for example , an analysis of the blood serum .
sea of acid ? hmm . astonishing !	a sea of acids , eh !
that 's not necessary .	this is not needed .
oh . too bad about that spider guy .	the spider man is a shame .
mr. binckley 's all cleaned up ?	is mr binckley clean yet ?
the other side of the island is rock bluffs all to ended in water	the other parts of the island have only steep cliffs to the sea .
ok , bud . your depth is 8,900 feet .	you 're at a depth of 8900 feet .
it 's my cross to bear .	she 's the cross i carry .
i 've got a little headache . nothing serious .	my head hurts a little , nothing important .
three hours yesterday on his rotor positions .	he spent three hours looking for a rotor 's position last night !
you thought uncle sam was gonnapay for your great debauch forever ?	did you think uncle sam would pay you forever to roll ?
this is n't fun anymore .	it 's not funny .
shut up , will ya ?	just shut up and shut up .
to the palestinian issue ,	regarding the palestine question ,
this is a part of history .	it belongs to history .
i got lots of booze .	there 's plenty to drink .
who is that man over there ?	who 's the guy ?
well , it does pay more .	he 's paying more .
comprehensive review the second option consists in proposing a more comprehensive set of changes , as well as addressing the questions of on-call time and compensatory rest .	overall review the second way is to design a more complete set of changes and resolve issues related to time-work and replacement rest periods .
“ him no stop can , heya ? ”	`` ca n't he stop him , i-ja ? ''
footnote 1 , amend to read :	footnote 1 is amended as follows :
brett came abruptly awake as scudi shifted her position .	brett suddenly woke up as scudi shook herself .
why not reconsidering adoption , huh ?	why do n't you give up adoption ?
kick the fuck back !	i 'll kick your ass !
starting , if we must , with how fast it will go .	we 'll start with it when we have how fast it goes .
hyperkinetics often show an impressive but sporadic aptitude for sports .	people with hyperkinesia often exhibit stunning , but sporadic talents on sports .
you make it sound very dirty .	that sounds awfully dirty .
week from 10/05/2009 until 10/11/2009	weekly form 05.10.2009 to 11.10.2009
might be time to get that started .	maybe it 's time to start .
it was truly inspiring ... ... to witness the free willof free men so fearlessly expressed .	it was very inspiring to see how free men express themselves without fear of free will .
rich parente is not a quitter .	rich parente just does n't give up .
ilana 's gon na murder me for killing jacob-	ilana will murder me 'cause i killed jacob .
are you comin ' ?	will you come with us ?
hey , great buddies .	hello , nice friends .
it is from that perspective that those arguments were examined above and rejected .	these arguments have just been assessed above and rejected in this light .
a babywhose nanny dresses her like crap . - francine ?	a child who dresses his nanny like a piece of shit .
3 of the 4 hunting parties .	three out of four hunting satellites .
`` agatha knew nothing about my past. ``	agatha did n't know anything about my past .
you are one ballsy lady .	you 're a really brave woman .
there was no radar , no air defence .	they did n't have radar or air defenses .
`` she means the greekie hicks , '' ivan helpfully interpreted this for offworld-born laisa .	`` he means greeks , '' said ivan helpfully , to help lais who did n't come from barrayar .
there were over 5 million pieces recovered .	we found over five million guns .
about six weeks old . now , understand we believe conception took place 11 hours ago .	but you see , we think there was 11 hours before the conception .
the hours passed slowly .	the clock was slow .
i do n't payno damn taxes .	i 'm not paying for your fucking taxes .
got ta go , all right ?	i have to go , okay ?
i 'll also request an extra cashew drink .	i 've also asked for another kesh drink .
i think we 're gon na have some fun .	and i think it 's going to be fun .
i thought the neo-trotskyists were going to put a stop to that .	i thought neo-trotskyi was gon na stop it .
no , no , that did n't happen .	no , it 's not possible .
he has to breathe .	he must be breathing .
not birth or marriage or dying .	no birth , no marriage , no death .
startled , antreen ’ s left leg tried to move across for balance , but it went nowhere except into sparta ’ s solidly planted left thigh .	antreen was startled , trying to cut her left leg , to keep her balance , but only bumped into part of spartans ' tight hip .
i got called back to court .	they called me in court again .
we intend tο marry .	we want to get married .
scotty , or john barleycorn , or the pair , was very naturally offended by my remarks .	scotty , or our demon , or both of them were understandably affected by my comments .
did n't you think you would be killed ?	you think they 'd kill me ?
it 's called redecorating .	this is called redeemable .
mommy , i do n't feel well .	mom , i 'm not good .
buildings loomed out of the darkness like great beasts curled up in sleep .	the buildings of the dark appeared to be large creatures hidden in their sleep .
he mourned them still—tamis and ard patrincll , in particular .	he still mourned the loss of friends - especially tamis and arda patrinella .
reset all values to factory defaults ?	do you want to reset settings to default settings from the manufacturer ?
i got three years in this thing , man .	i 've been working on it for three years .
that 's not how gambling addiction works .	so gambling addiction is n't working .
your mother is dead .	your mom died !
this is a geiger counter for detecting radioactivity	it 's a geiger device to detect radiation .
his words seemed to precipitate the thick but formless dread that had hung over robyn all this day like the pall of smoke above the winter bush fires .	the spoken words seemed to wreak a non-defining threat , hanging over robyn 's entire day as a screen of smoke above a burning pounding in winter .
room 1408 isn ’ t listed on any of the websites dealing with paranormal locations or psychic hotspots— ”	room 1408 is not listed on any internet site relating to the presence of paranormal or occult phenomena - ``
raiders had to have ships .	the pirates needed boats .
why would anyone want to be in movies ?	why could n't everyone try to make a movie ?
at a construction company .	it was a building firm .
hey , you got any belt buckles ?	do n't you have some belt buckle ?
spry gum . with a hundred percent tylon ...	spry . is 100 % xilo ...
there was a soft knock on the inner door .	on the inside door , someone gently knocked .
he only hoped the specially-designed escape pods built into the fortresses had saved more than a tithe of those extraordinary people .	trevayne only hoped that the special rescue pods , which were equipped with the fortress , would save as many of these exceptional people as possible .
a few girls would have been cool	a couple of girls could be nice
the cigarette takes about three minutes to burn down .	she 'll be on fire in three minutes .
all those in favor of abolishing the marriage rule , say , `` aye . ''	all who are for abolishing the `` wedding '' bill to say `` yes . ''
any other necessary provisions required for vaccination . ''	all other provisions needed in relation to vaccination .
because society says that adults should n't skip .	because the company said grown-ups should n't jump .
tom wo n't stay .	tom 's not staying .
and he said these things to me ...	and he told me that kind of thing .
with just one extra egg on it , costs only $ 22 at most .	in addition to an extra one , he can cost a maximum of $ 22 .
and then we 'd better have lunch .	it would be best if we got together for lunch .
you will not be able to send updates for your timesheet when you are offline .	you ca n't send a timesheet update in offline mode .
citizens , we have samson the sadducee strangler ,	we have ffamffon , ffaddubrand ffadiffi .
behind is a wooden wall .	back to the wooden wall !
the lecturers were ksb personal data protection specialists , martin kubík , petra mirovská and drahomír tomašuk .	the speakers were lawyers for the kšb specialising in the privacy issues , martin kubik , peter mirovsky and drahomír tomashuk .
do we need to evacuate ?	is there a need for evacuation ?
you 're gon na let a lousy $ 600 stand between us and a caribbean cruise .	are you going to build a poor $ 600 for us and the caribbean trip ?
it 's a droid control ship .	the ship controls androids .
jibril normally would come and dispense wisdom to muhammad inside this cave that he was dwelling in .	djibril usually came along and handed the wisdom to mohammed inside the cave he dwelt in .
i hear they 're real good .	i heard he was really good .
twenty ninja led by hanza attempted to infiltrate shimoda village a little while ago .	twenty ninjas under the guidance of hanzu attempted to enter shimoda village before the small moment .
daddy 's handling this .	dad can handle it .
houston shut the fuck up shit !	keep your fucking mouth shut .
`` how do you know for certain that passports were issued ? ''	`` how can you say those passports have really been released ? ''
must be some kind of mechanical difficulty .	it must have been a mechanical problem .
it would be perhaps inappropriate here to dwell upon the similarities of such a procession to the gathering of bailiffs escorting a condemned prisoner to the scaffold .	it might not be appropriate to emphasize the similarity of this procession with the appearance of the perpetrators accompanying the convicts on the fairway .
why 's mr jackson being arrested ? ..the escaped prisoner ,	is it because mr. jackson was arrested ? ... escaped ...
they 're all still sleeping .	everyone 's still asleep .
a little treason , not a lot	little betrayal , that 's not much
the favourable timelines continue to diminish .	the number of favorable timelines is still falling .
i 'm short selling them to purchase a very expensive plane ticket out of here tonight , one which gets me somewhere i can not be extradited .	i have to sell them fast enough to buy a pretty expensive plane ticket for today , which gets me off where they do n't sell the convicts .
swedish citizens should follow the news and prepare to find shelter ...	the people of sweden should be watching the news and getting ready ...
shut up and listen to me .	come on , keep quiet and listen .
75 seconds , remember ?	do n't forget 75 seconds .
a wife and kids and a golden retriever .	the woman , the children and the golden labrador .
is that actual consciousness ?	is he really conscious ?
he ai n't nothing , never did nothing .	he 's never done anything good .
i guess i always saw a glimmer of it deep down , but ...	i think i 've always seen the flash in my heart , but ...
to patricia , it resembled an old-fashioned japanese pillow , with its neck-receiving curve .	the patrician resembled an ancient japanese cushion , the shape of a copyrighted curve of the neck .
right now michael 's doing c-minus , d-plus work .	michael is currently at 3-minus 4-plus .
youcan fabricate organic lines .	you can use organic fibres .
otps has no office , no website .	tpks does n't have offices or websites .
a lot of good fish ! see how much fish !	so many fish .
when are you gon na wan na talk ?	when will he want to talk about it ?
`` and spreading at an alarming rate . ''	`` which spreads at a disturbing pace . ''
'so be it , ' lardis nodded .	'as you think , 'said lardis .
i get strong off other people 's fear .	i gain strength from the fear of others .
harry took the remaining armchair , choosing not to look at the dursleys , who seemed stunned into silence .	harry took the rest of his chair and avoided looking at dursleys , who sat stunned and silent .
nobody comes home , aldo sends the goombah third battalion .	no one will go back and aldo will send the entire third battalion .
a bodily mass of that size retains its heat even in cold weather . ''	a body mass of such magnitude keeps its temperature in cold weather. ``
habría que animar a todas las an a facilitar documentación e instrumentos informativos que llamen la atención y susciten el interés y la motivación de los jóvenes .	alle nationale kontorer maam tilskyndes til at fremzniille till the instrumentation og informationsvørktrktrkker , der tiltrćkker de unges opmćrksomhed og vćkker deres oedse og bod .
mt farfar il-frak mhux imwaħħal minn mal-ġilda .	mt aħżen f'post niexef .
what it is to make ?	what 's he doing ?
is that your brain injury talking ?	do you have brain damage ?
was it first ? second ? mmm .	from the first , the second ?
they 're killing everybody !	they 'll kill everyone !
they exercise to keep from freezing .	they have to practice so they do n't freeze .
but i have to tell you , all the people i 've killed deserved to die .	i 've told you i only kill those who deserve it .
oh , is that laughing ?	was that a laugh ?
you 're home and you couldn ’ t even say how you liked the conversation	and do n't you ever say how much you love to talk
baby , i 'm only five minutes away , okay ?	i 'll be there in five minutes .
are you hurting ?	does it hurt ?
association of producer organisations and producer groups	associations of the production of producers and session of producers
lawrence ’ s mouth drops open .	lawrenee opens his mouth .
is this going to make me better ?	do i feel better about this ?
met on the job .	we met at work .
we will back you up one hundred percent .	micke , we 're 100 % behind you .
biofuel feedstock may be produced on land directly converted from another status to agricultural land .	the raw materials for biofuels can be produced on lands that were directly converted into farmland , but initially had a different status .
i 'll take the stones . it 's kind of hard to get a tree trunk into my hand luggage .	then i take the jewels , it would be quite difficult to put a tree in a briefcase .
1 skin sens . 1 h318 h317 ghs05 ghs07 dgr h318 h317 074-001-00-x hexasodium tungstate hydrate acute tox .	h301 h332 ghs06 dgr h301 h301 h301 h301 h301 h301 h301 h301 h301 h301 h301 h301 h301 h301 hafnium tetra- n -butoxide eye dam .
and perhaps evolution would eventually produce more varieties , to fill additional environmental niches .	and perhaps evolution will eventually create more species and fill the environment where the needy predators meet .
32 both the administrative action before the direktor na direktsia ‘ obzhalvane i upravlenie na izpalnenieto ’ plovdiv ( director of the ‘ appeals and the administration of enforcement ’	32 administrative complaint lodged with direktor at direccia `` objavan i modilenie na izpalnenieto ''
794/2004 della commissione , del 21 aprile 2004 , recante disposizioni di esecuzione del regolamento ( ce ) n .	no 659 / 1999 del consiglio , del 22 marzo 1999 , recante modalità di aplicazione dell'articolo 93 del trattato ce ( gu l 83 del 27.3.1999 , pag .
mr caul is on the line .	it 's mr. caul .
then we will make the life we planned . ’	then we 'll have our lives as we wanted. ``
new york hardly even gets cold anymore ,	it 's almost never cold in new york .
back from sports ?	you coming out of sport ?
they lost an amazing dancer .	you missed a great dancer .
you got a problem with syrians , hertzel ?	do you have any problems with the syrians ?
i was held back from saving her once .	i 've been detained once since her rescue .
howdy , you all .	hello , hello everyone .
nobody could live through that .	no one could have survived .
you 're looking for one called purchase info .	look for this guy called `` buy information . ''
that lady right there .	here 's the lady .
north-east of inner town .	northeast of the center of the city .
postbus 1 , nl-5250 aa vlijmen max planck gesellschaft zur förderung der wissenschaften e.v .	variedad híbrida androestéril utilizada para una associación varietal .
that 's when mom moved us out of my grandmother 's house in kokura and into my grandmother 's house in chikuho	we 're just moving from grandma 's house in chicken to grandma 's house in chikohu .
check this out with our focus group .	verify it with our target groups .
show her some variety ?	show her a little diversity .
sorry about your arm , dude .	i 'm sorry about the hand .
it almost felt live ...	that was almost like live .
that was 314 miles an hour .	this was 505 km / h .
what else is a retired actor going to do ? ''	what else can an actor do in his pension ? ``
she had seen how quickly he reacted to the unexpected .	she could see how fast she was reacting to unexpected moves .
no more magic for you today .	you 're not doing magic anymore .
let 's remember to watch the pace .	do n't forget to keep an eye on the rhythm .
we 're afraid of the sea devil !	there 's a sea devil out there !
if their installation near electrical switchboards is inevitable , pipes shall not have detachable connections nearby .	if their location is unavoidable in the vicinity of electric switchboards , they must not have a pipe in their vicinity .
a fortunate stroke of luck .	we were lucky .
whoever they were , they were honoured here , in this city and no doubt its sister cities throughout raraku .	whoever he was , he used to worship them in the city and in other cities around raraku .
however , the advantages of flexibility in using different support instruments ought not to be lost .	however , we should not see the advantages afforded by the flexible use of various financial instruments .
it comes from oil .	they 're made of oil .
these were n't personal gifts .	this is not personal donations .
object not safe for initializing	the object initialization is not secure .
'is rayster your intended ? ' he asked her suddenly .	'is rayster the one you looked for ? 'asked kaelin suddenly .
you heard the story from grandpa .	your grandfather told you .
i 'm gon na go see mommy .	i 'm going to check my mom .
i don ’ t joke when a boy 's been murdered .	when somebody kills a kid , i 'm not kidding .
the firelight limned great unclipped toenails .	huge uncropped nails loomed in the firelight .
how fucking stupid are you ? - you fucking prick .	you 're such an asshole .
i have been waiting far too long !	i 've waited an awful long time .
i 'd hate doing that , would hate it awfully , but never doubt that i 'll do it . ''	i do n't really like to do it , i do n't really like to , but do n't doubt i 'll do it. ``
every wake we ever been to , whether the departed is eight or 80 ,	on every jet we were on , whether there was a late 8 or 80 ...
brave , brave concord , you shall not have died in vain .	brave , concorde ... you will not die for nothing !
the methods used to nominate , appoint or elect employee representatives should seek to promote gender balance .	the modalities of the nomination , choice or appointment of staff representatives should support a balanced representation of men and women .
now let 's go .	now we 're leaving .
you are not capable of handling ...	you 're not able to handle ...
several guards were running , their submachine guns pointed at the helicopter , shouting .	there were guards running under them , headed for a machine gun , and shouting .
you wo n't have to go tomorrow	you 're not going anywhere tomorrow .
ricky is sleeping with me ?	ricky will sleep in my room ?
clearly , we 're not lucky .	of course , we do n't have any luck .
measles virus schwartz strain ( live , attenuated )	the morbillorum virus vivum virus 1 ( schwarz strain )
these appointments would be deemed ratified if no objections were lodged before the approval of these minutes .	these appointments will be approved unless there is any objection pending the approval of this registration .
2003 , po revizi více info na dlouhy falconair.cz	more info on longages falconair.cz
- everything happened so fast .	it 's all gone so quickly .
she 'll make you blow a load through the fucking ceiling , man .	you 're gon na blow it up by shooting the fucking ceiling .
you may be glad to grant it , when you have heard me . '	maybe you 'll be happy to give it to me when you hear me. ``
it said that she simply must see him for one last talk before he left her for ever .	she wrote in him that he simply had to speak to him once more before leaving her forever .
... for energy efficient technologies .	from the world of energy and technology ...
why do they make them so scary ?	why are these places always scary ?
did it ever exist ?	has she ever been here ?
you wo n't even say goodbye to keneb , or selv , or the children ?	are you and keneb and selin and the kids not even saying goodbye ?
only those memory sections for the times when we had to account for our absences were scanned .	the computer scanned only areas of memory from the time stretch when we should have explained our absence .
a girl said that to me	one girl told me this before .
europe was thought by the french political class to be the solution .	france 's political elite hoped that europe would solve everything .
air bags deploy with enough force to shatter windshields , break your nose ... or loosen the center bolt on a steering column .	the airbags will develop enough force to break the glass , broken nose , or release the middle screw on the steering wheel .
you 're not dead ? !	you did n't die ?
has become a madman .	they became crazy .
like i said before :	as i was saying :
could you please get your daddy on ?	you can give me your daddy .
you could see them and decide for yourself .	you can look at him and assess everything yourself .
could n't someone go for you ?	ca n't someone take your place ?
what kind of strange chair is this ?	what 's with the weird chair ?
lat/lon projection not supported at this time .	lat / long projection is currently not supported
this one will remember nothing .	he wo n't remember anything .
it appears you have led your team ... to their doom !	it looks like you 're leading your team to ruin .
i have n't taken a vacation in 4 years !	i last had a vacation four years ago .
oh , you speak of faith .	you 're talking about religion .
other birds were stirring and fluttering from tree to tree , making little birdy sounds that vexed abner marsh no end .	others pounced on the trees and made those short squeaky noises that abner marsh would never cease to hunt .
i went down there when it opened . i did a couple of laps , pulled over .	i was there the first day they opened , i drove a few rounds , then stopped .
`` sola ! '' tyl exclaimed , recognizing the wife of the master .	'sola ! 'shouted tyl as he recognized the chief 's wife .
so it 's very difficult for us to decide whether you 're soldiers or terrorists .	it is difficult to know whether we are dealing with a soldier or a terrorist .
for irbesartan/hydrochlorothiazide teva packaged in white opaque pvc-pvdc – aluminium blisters : do not store above 30°c .	irbesartan / hydrochlorothiazide teva - pvc / pvdc white opaque aluminium blisters :
are you gon na tell my parents ?	you 're going to announce it to your parents ?
but how does skyteam make certain customers experience consistent service across all ten carriers ?	but how will skyteam ensure that the service provided to customers is the same for each of the ten member airlines ?
though maybe i should add , i 'm not so sure about you !	i would n't be so sure if i were you .
olympic airlines would operate these aircraft on a sublease basis , paying market rates to olympic airways .	those planes should have operated olympic airlines under the lease and paid for it by olympic airways market remuneration .
he misses his wife !	he must be missing a woman !
`` seems that way .	`` looks like it .
made by your film director friend ?	from your friend to the director .
could it have flown ?	can he fly ?
it 's your odor that foul thing smelled on me .	your scent is the foul smell of the beast sent to me .
'those are n't my best ones , '' he told her shyly .	'they 're not the best , 'he said .
there were still several hours of daylight left .	it was still a few hours before nightfall .
it 's okay . i apologize for keeping you waiting . -	i 'm sorry you had to wait so long .
i think she needs a boat .	she would have taken the boat .
the package structure might be altered by the distributors , with tv2 replacing an existing pay channel .	in the composition of packages , there may be a change in the fact that tv2 will replace one of the existing paid channels .
buxton inger counsellor ( politico-military working party , security and development )	buxton inger advisors d'ambassade ( groupe politico-militaire , sécurité et développement )
okay , there 's a flight at eight in the morning .	the next flight is tomorrow morning at 8 : 00 .
next step then is we put a combat air patrol close to iceland and start beating on those backfire raids for-real . ''	the next step is we 're going to send the air patrol to iceland and we 're gon na start pounding those backfires. ``
i was n't going to get alcohol .	i did n't go for drinks .
veluwezoom 22 nl-1327 ah almere the netherlands natriumvalproaat chrono sandoz 500 mg 333 mg sodium valproate and 145 mg valproic acid prolonged-release tablet oral use the netherlands sandoz b.v .	josep pila , 2 08019 barcelona spain depakine chronosphere 750 mg granulado de liberación modificada 750 mg grain powder with controlled release oral use spain sanofi aventis , s.a .
active volcano roasted clams ,	red-hot volcano has baked clams .
am i not allowed here ?	ca n't i come ?
blah ... blah ... blah ... blah ... on and on and on ...	blah , blah , blah , et cetera , et cetera .
right , it 's really smart .	that 's very clever .
åi obtained the state guarantees following the refusal of two financial institutions to lend via classical means .	åi received state guarantees after two financial institutions refused to grant them a loan in a classic way .
attitudes towards enterprise and entrepreneurship .	position on business initiative and business .
independence , self-reliance are at the core of our being .	independence , self-sufficiency , that 's what we live for .
i 'll make those with a p and a circle around it .	i 'll paint them like p inside of the circle .
give me tonight with my boyfriend , and we 'll have all night tomorrow to ourselves .	leave us alone tonight with my friend and we can spend the night together .
and so is jake .	it 's jake , too .
well there are n't .	well , we 're not .
you hardly said a word this afternoon .	you barely spoke in the afternoon .
i am sorry for getting back late though .	but i 'm sorry i 'm so late .
for fuck 's sake , we 've had the bank of lnternational settlements ... ..asking if barings canmeet its margin payments !	shit , the international settlement bank ... .. asked us if baringssis made marginal payments !
did n't sell .	i 'm not selling .
thirty seconds later , after she 's dead ... a second , larger charge will explode ... and they'il be cleaning everyone up off this bus in pieces .	30 seconds after her death , a bigger charge goes off , and you 'll have to collect everyone on this bus by bite .
wait to die , wait to live ...	wait for death or for life .
“ he 's got seconds left to live .	`` there are seconds left of his life .
he has no friends and ...	he does n't have any friends .
a fire did n't do that .	and this did not make the fire .
just back this thing up ?	get those things back ?
three coming in at five o'clock :	next three to 5 : 00
... they were shot down ... ... but they succeeded in escaping by parachute .	but they managed to jump out of the parachute .
the comment raised murmurs , some angry , some alarmed .	his remark sparked grumbling , angry and alarmed .
listen , bro . why don ’ t you just take the apology , stop being so hard on yourself ?	listen , bro , why do n't you just accept an apology and we can forget about it , right ?
nothing 's ever lost .	nothing goes to waste .
she wanted to meet her daddy .	he wants to meet his father .
my government has rejected your demand that we release your ships .	my government rejects the demands of the ship 's release .
that creature has not harmed anybody .	the creature had never hurt anyone .
thank you . thank you . appreciate it .	thanks for that .
we 're going to own this city .	this town will be ours .
sincea writer for writing many books .	the writer must sell a lot of books .
like in a… in a classical ballet ? you know , a dancer , intentionally falling .	in the middle of a classic ballet dancer deliberately dropped .
there ai n't nobody to blame in this but me .	i ca n't blame anyone for this , just myself .
but do n't worry .	nothing to worry about .
just my parents , who got married	only parents , they had a wedding .
not one of the reporters at that demonstration is alive today .	none of the journalists who were on the show are alive .
you 're a jerk every time my mother 's around .	you fool around when your mother is here .
andthat ice princess is his attorney !	dude , mr. korman is suing me and the ice queen is making him a lawyer !
`` my lord - you do n't intend - you ca n't mean to destroy it ! ''	`` my lord , you have no intention of destroying him ? ''
i did n't invite the dude .	i 'm not gon na invite a guy .
were they short , jerking snores or one long inhale ?	was it a short snorkel or just a long breath ?
was anything else found with this letter ? no , sire .	did you find anything else besides the letter ?
no , i mean your ship .	i meant the boat .
besides being morally inadmissible , this will eventually have negative repercussions on the firm 's economic efficiency . ”	this is not only morally unacceptable , but it will negatively affect the economic performance of the business in the long term. ``
that your excuse for losing ?	you 're sorry about the loss ?
surely , he 'd be feeling its foul breath on his face .	of course , he could feel its bad breath in the face .
check that they have legal representation , okay ?	see if they 've got legal representation .
users found in breach of the regulation would be sanctioned .	they would be punished for violating the regulations .
i can trust him .	he can be trusted .
yeah , the trip 's not gon na happen	yeah , our journey ca n't be done
the label shall be white with a diagonal violet line.` ;	the label is white with an angled purple stripe. ``
in an organisation as efficient as ours	in a powerful organization like ours
well he is here !	he 's just here .
ah . i 'm sorry to disappoint .	sorry for the disappointment .
in spite of everything , it was hard to disregard the memories he 'd accumulated at the sprawling military complex .	despite everything , he could not just bury the memories that remained for this large military complex .
how about a warning ?	what about an alert ?
used for certain rituals , are n't they ?	they 're using a ritual , right ?
i am taking the red-eye . it 's the last flight .	i 'm going to take the last plane .
luckily we have a telephone and a car .	let 's get the car and the phone .
how am i doing that with no lips ?	how do i do it if i do n't even have my lips ?
'catch some rabbits to roast !	`` nalapest a couple of rabbits for baking !
and then ... and then three weeks later ... she 'll find a pair of panties in the couch .	and then , after three weeks , he finds the lady 's pants on the couch .
sorry señoora , señoor	excuse me , ma'am .
budgetary problems were bound to arise .	the budget problems just had to occur .
there can be no mistakes .	they do n't make any mistakes .
these guys are definitely selling .	i 'm sure these people sell .
i ai n't killed nobody .	i 'm not killing anyone .
it 's impossible to do an autopsy .	an autopsy ca n't be done .
‘ but you are running ? ’	'but you run ? '
shall 'smart new line ' insert ?	does `` smart new row '' insert ?
lawyer ? that 's great .	you want to be a lawyer ?
i 'll throw the weapon out .	i 'm gon na drop the gun .
who is turning the shaft of a landrover	which of the landron axis
this guy got some lowlife to kidnap his ex-wife 's show dog .	one guy got an amazing idea of kidnapping the ex-wife of a dog .
madame giry , 25 .	mrs. giry -- twenty-five .
well , ifs a mafia film .	it 's gon na be a mafia movie .
17.3.2.9. service coupling ( mono-fuel vehicles only & no limp-home system ) ;	5.3.2.9. service connector ( single-fuel vehicles without a backup system of emergency service ) ;
right then , actually ...	in fact , right after .
he meant flo stubbs -- that ugly , cross-eyed , bold , little frump ! ''	it 's flo stubbs - the ugly , squabble , bad-looking bimbo ! '
they have also assigned significant resources to improving school science education .	it has also earmarked considerable resources to improve the teaching of science in schools .
she would come here to hide from him and the white guy .	she was hiding out here in front of a white guy .
this child awaits you !	the boy 's waiting for you .
that awful , acrid odor .	the awful pungent smell .
issues related to implementation the options involve operational challenges .	questions concerning implementation the exercise of the opportunity presents operational problems .
doth she not give us thanks ?	does n't he give me thanks ?
has daddy gone away for good ?	did your father go away forever ?
you want to know something funny ?	i 'll tell you something funny .
guidance on applying this requirement is given in appendix b .	the instructions for the application of this requirement are set out in annex b .
fortunately the demon died .	fortunately , this one is dead .
although you have lost much hair , it is quite ugly looking , but they will grow out soon .	even if you lost a lot of hair and it looks nasty , they 'll grow up soon .
`` intimate relationships can not substitute for a life plan ,	`` partner relationships ca n't replace life plans ...
the oval closure swung soundlessly aside to reveal once more nightside 's blue-violet lighting in the corridor .	the oval cap slid silently aside , revealing again the blue-purple nightlights of the corridor .
so some dinner , huh ?	what dinner is that ?
we will be arriving to maré island shortly .	we 'll reach the island of maré soon .
spice it up with some chili pepper .	roast the chili peppers .
if i can help ...	i might be able to help .
it 's just that i-i know you 're shorthanded , and i thought maybe i could be useful .	i know you have few people so i thought i might come in handy .
am i forgetting anything ?	did i forget something ?
the stable man was cowering in terror before the wolf , who regarded him balefully .	the underman cowered in terror in front of the wolf that barked ominously at him .
these two factors act to produce an alpine foothill climate , marked by abundant , well distributed rainfall and a low temperature range .	the effect of these two factors determines the climate of the pre-alpine type characterised by a rich and well-distributed precipitation with small temperature fluctuations .
does anybody want any more catfish ?	does anyone else have a catfish ?
image has no gps info	the image does not contain gps information
make the hurt stop .	let it stop hurting .
i should take this opportunity to point out their zero tactical skills .	on this occasion i would like to draw attention to the zero tactical capabilities of the screamers .
will someone shut this brat up ?	will somebody get that brat upstairs ?
mmm ! a bit of an odd bloke , eh , what ?	a little weird guy , huh ?
chromosome testing has determined the child 's sex to be male .	the chromosoma test determined the gender of a child as male .
no , there ’ s no room in the cab , sweetie .	no , we do n't have a cab , baby .
verifying vehicle test description of vehicle ( s ) : …	vehicle registration test description vehicles / vehicles : ...
'do not even consider such an action , ' she warned him .	`` do n't even think about it , '' she warned .
gaius ... you can not let her live .	you ca n't keep her alive .
you know ... skullcrusher is gon na need somebody to look after him now .	skullcrusher will need someone . he 's taken care of him now .
but your majesty , we would have to summon the whole cabinet .	your majesty , it must be convened by the council of ministers .
avian infectious disease containment !	we have an infectious bird disease .
after having encountered four hideously mutilated bodies in as many days , they were desperately in need of a good laugh .	they desperately needed something to laugh about when they met with dreadfully mutilated bodies every day .
something happened last night ? something else ?	did something happen tonight ?
i never liked your little mates either .	and i do n't even like your friends .
at that very moment in little italy .	the same time in small italy .
only , wait a moment while i moisten my parched throat with some skull-bloom .	wait a minute , just what i 'm gon na do is wash my dry mouth with a gonorrhea .
my lord , this way	oh , my god .
this cost of money is ultimately passed on to borrowers , affecting such things as consumer loans , home mortgages and corporate financing .	his most powerful leverage is the federal reserve 's interest rate , which also affects consumer loans , mortgages , and financing for businesses .
the guy 's a friggin ' psycho .	this guy is a fucking nutcase .
and sprang suddenly off the bed .	and he jumped out of bed .
gray 's en route .	gray is on his way .
could blasted lands hijackers have guns , too ?	could the kidnappers in buried countries also have guns ?
that 's nothing you can do about it .	and you ca n't do anything about it !
this includes in particular :	above all , it includes :
or even a british man , desirous of keeping his paternity secret .	or even a briton who was driving the wish to keep fatherhood as a secret .
you guys are some strapping young lads .	you 're quite a bunch of young men .
sorry to trouble you	i 'm sorry about the problems .
recollection began to flicker .	memories flickered and began .
you 're hungry , are n't you ?	do you have to be hungry ?
that is a thing of extraordinary beauty .	it 's extremely beautiful .
should i say it ?	shall i tell her ?
yes , that was it , but you seem not mean that it was fun .	yes , but it seems like he has n't come to you .
the doctor thinks so .	the doctors think i do .
keep the fucking noise down !	do n't make any noise !
whatever units we 're using is 1/3 square units of area .	so we can use any units , so it 's 1 / 3 units squared .
that led me to take my ceo hat off for a week	she made me take the manager 's jacket off for the week
i consider mine dead as well	mine died for me too .
her only good parts are between her thighs	she looks good among her thighs .
no reason to expect gearbox trouble .	ca n't expect a gearbox problem .
like , besides killing ourselves , we also kill each other !	perhaps , in addition to killing , we kill others .
how did you get a cookie ?	how do you eat my cookies ?
so i 'm back living with my folks .	i live back at my parents ' house .
you 're gon na be okay .	we 'll be fine .
i go at night .	i walk around in the evenings .
hello , lovely lady !	hi , nice women .
she deserves justice ... swift justice .	they deserve justice , instant justice .
this is n't about grief .	it 's not about sadness .
that 'll be tomorrow 's outing !	we 'll go tomorrow . it 'll be a good walk .
should 've gotten him the sweater .	he was supposed to get a sweater .
'what are you doing working the streets ? '	`` how do you work in the street ? ''
'irradiado ' or 'tratado con radiación ionizante ' , – in czech :	`` irradiado '' or `` tratado con radiación ionante , '' - in english :
331 , they 're all inside .	331 , everyone 's in there .
for all roxanny knew , it might be covered in sensors and cameras !	even roxanny understood there were probably plenty of sensors and cameras on him !
maybe we'il have a rainbow .	there might be a rainbow !
i went by our station on the way home .	i was walking around our gas station when i came back .
some dame , ai n't she ?	pretty woman , huh ?
a leviathan 's bio-energy signature is very complicated .	the leviathan bioenergy signature is highly complex
oh ! imagine your remembering that and my forgetting it .	imagine i forgot and you remembered !
mean absolute lymphocyte counts remained stable with daily dosing up to 102 weeks in duration .	the average absolute lymphocyte count was stable when administered every day for 102 weeks .
did you forget ' ?	you do n't remember ?
after hanging up her coat , marissa rang dr. goldman .	she hung her coat and then called dr. ben goldman .
`` we have boats enough of our ownboats built with sweat , not magicto take our people off our doomed seamoon . ''	enough to bring our people away from our destroyed moon. `` '' what about us ? `` dumaka cried .
she knows kung fu .	do you know kung fu ?
your cerebral science team might get some work soon .	your neurological team may soon have a job .
look at you , you mad fuckin ' bitch !	what are you doing , you crazy bitch ?
it is home to a global reserve currency .	its currency is the reserve currency of the world measure .
jesus , will you relax ?	jesus , calm down .
let me find you a specialist in paris in that case .	i 'll get you an expert in paris .
you appear to be disturbing your fellow passenger .	they seemed to be interfering with their fellow passengers .
what good does it do to destroy jander ?	what would it bring about jander 's destruction ?
the development of pepper-growing has thus helped maintain these traditional , mixed crop and livestock farms .	the development of paprika cultivation is also linked to the maintenance of traditional breeding and traditional cultivation .
nothing like a fat man dancing for his dinner . here ya go !	he 's not over the fat guy who 's dancing for dinner .
darling ... ... you really buy too much dessert	oh , baby , you bought too much candy .
see your attorney before admitting any criminal act or intention . '	before you confess to any crime or criminal intent , consult a lawyer. ``
there 's 20 students chasing every place .	20 students are reported to each location .
well , i 'm talking about more than sex here .	i do n't just mean sex .
a deep haze clouded the dew-covered face of the land .	a deep mist enveloped in small clouds of dew-covered earth .
`` some consolation , '' greer noted gloomily .	'that 's some comfort , 'greer observed .
pitsudski 's order .	the orders of pileven .
`` the problem lies in convincing ran borune of that , '' rhodar pointed out .	'the problem is how to convince ran boruna , 'rhodar observed .
but i can not marry you .	but i ca n't get married .
maybe it 's epilepsy ?	is that epylepsy ?
who 's been painting my roses red ?	the roses are red !
`` _tz-yenk voo vore lo yon-yo ! _ '' wheezed `` papa . ''	'dehuhuk thuj ba thuten ! 'he gasped .
this whole thing , it 's one big machine .	this is all a massive machine .
`` reclaim thy child of light . ''	`` take your baby boy back . ''
'no , it does not , ' agreed kysumu .	`` no , he wo n't , '' kisumu agreed .
the treatment still has about three minutes to go .	the therapy would last for about 3 minutes .
the hockey players are highly demanding travelers with special requirements that range from their onboard meals to their oversized luggage .	hockey players are among very challenging clients with specific requirements for meals on board aircraft as well as on the transport of large luggage .
the lord is one !	god is our lord .
`` then we are resolved : ''	`` then it 's decided . ''
did daddy forget the sunscreen again ?	dad forgot sunscreen again .
the fantastic tale of eily bergin .	fantastic ! eva bergin 's fantastic story .
maybe ... maybe this is worth exploring .	maybe it 's worth a try .
so i 'll expect your answer by morning .	so i 'm waiting for you to decide in the morning .
you find loads of weird things in people 's cars .	there are some really weird things going on in cars .
there have been several gunshots .	several shots were fired .
there 's nothing i 've denied more than that .	i did n't deny anything .
the programme envisages a rise of the gdp-share of both revenues and expenditure in 2007 relative to 2003 .	for 2007 , the programme foresees an increase in revenue as compared to 2003 .
army group centre had previously proved a tough nut to crack as zhukov 's defeat in operation mars had shown .	the army team center turned out to be a heavy nut for the soviets , as zhukov was convinced when he was defeated in operation mars .
i 'm getting off ?	am i out of it ?
so all the prosthetics and surgical techniques i can use would n't work .	therefore , no prosthetics or surgical techniques i know will help .
very well . thank you .	all right , thanks .
how about i re-open that wound my mother stitched ?	what if i open the wounds my mom stitched ?
they are n't .	they 're not !
truly , i 'm all right , jake-and i wo n't get strong unless i do stay out of bed .	seriously , i 'm fine , jake - and i ca n't turn up other than i really stay off the bed .
why are there so few examples of such behavior from professional footballers ?	why do we encounter such behavior for professional footballers in such a small way ?
we had a great first week .	the first week i was amazing .
do n't think that 's why mom ran out ?	did your mom run out because of that ?
so are you gon na stay ?	and you 'll be staying ?
non-modern fleets of trucks add to the pollution .	this pollution is exacerbating the obsolescence of car parks .
nora lee 's three- month-old baby boy .	ben conlin adopted a three-month-old boy named nory lee .
thanks . now the daddy . what is the of the daddy ?	now daddy , give it to your daddy .
it 'll be just like court tv .	it 's like a courtroom on television .
it takes a pretty long time when se left petit caribe .	ever since he left petit caribe , plenty of time has passed .
get the guns .	take your guns !
let 's go get this job !	come on , let 's work !
work the ass .	deal with your butt .
my cheeks are sore .	my face is hurting .
still pending appointment of advisors for eas .	until now , they have not been appointed advisers for the eas .
nah , you 're all right .	no , it 's okay .
how about dog versus cat ?	what about dogs and cats ?
you know there were a couple of times when i wondered if you were up to this job ?	you know i 've been thinking several times about whether you 're good for this job ?
those on project 99 with medical problems are brought to a level of health they never expected to enjoy again .	members of project 99 who had health problems are in such an excellent state they never hoped for .
savoring seven bites can be as satisfying as gulping down 20 .	seven savoury bites will satisfy you more than twenty .
csla warfare for 16 players csla warfare for 32 players csla warfare for 48 players	čsla warfare pre 16 player čsla warfare pre-32 player čsla warfare pre 48 player
things are getting crazy here .	everything has gone crazy .
do you know the story of the phasianidae ?	have you ever heard of a story about pheasants ?
philips had n't heard the last question because denise sanger had come in and was smiling warmly at martin behind the backs of the engrossed medical students .	philips did not hear the last question , as she approached denise sanger , who was smiling across the back of her full-focused students on martina .
birthday , 24th august , 1959. correct .	born 24 august 1959 .
maybe we can chopper more in ?	maybe there 's more to get the choppers ?
i can not drink whiskey alone .	i ca n't drink whiskey myself , if i do n't have a choice , yes ,
then you won'tbe needing your car .	so you wo n't need a car .
go . - wan na race ?	you want to race ?
you just need to stay alive for a couple of days .	all you have to do is survive the next few days .
i-i will , thank you . i-i-i just ...	i-i 'll do it , thanks .
is tony infatuated with that woman ? -what ?	tony 's in it ?
you 're not writing .	you do n't write .
three badly wounded perdii warriors were despatched swiftly .	three severely injured perdii warriors quickly removed the ordeal .
an unsub is still an unsub , and i know how to deal with an unsub .	but the unsub remains , and i can cope with the unknown .
it contains the active ingredient ‘ botulinum toxin type b ’ .	the active substance is `` botulini toxic typus b .
let the people have their hero .	we 'll show people their heroes .
journey in scotland , restaurant meals .	lunch at the restaurant .
introduction to block devices designing a partitioning scheme using fdisk to partition your disk creating filesystems mounting	introduction to block device design partition partition - fdisk create file systems connecting the file system
wait , helenka leave him alone .	no , come wait , helenko .
koch ) — oats and red oat ;	koch ) - oats set , avena strigosa schreb .
you could maybe do a little more topspin on your returns , but it was a very nice play .	you might be doing a little too much topples for your returns ,
whoa , check it out .	oh , watch this .
somewhere between 8 and 9 weeks .	eight to nine weeks .
chaining those doors was a criminal act .	locking the door chained is a crime .
never mind your memories for the time being , think about mr gray .	forget the memories so far , and focus on mr. gray .
commander glen sniffed , and met hawk 's gaze unflinchingly .	commander glen snorted and coolly crossed his eyes with the hawk .
sorry about the wait but we had tests to run .	i 'm sorry you waited , but they were running tests .
arnie produced a couple of noisemakers and party favours — the kind that go bang and then release a cloud of tiny crepe streamers .	arnie took out a pair of thumping footballs and a confit - one that blows and then bred a cloud of thin creamy ribbons .
cheiragonus herzenstein , 1890 — hypsagonus gradiens herzenstein 1890 .	pseudotropheus tropheops regan , 1922 .
see to his soldiers .	let 's look at his troops .
new head of u.n. statistics , he does n't say it 's impossible .	the head of the united nations statistical division does not say that this is impossible .
it 's only the 4 of us .	we 're only four .
seabiscuit took to sleeping for huge chunks of the day ... and enjoyed lolling for hours under the boughs of the juniper trees .	seabiscuit had slept most of the day as a block ... and with the taste of the clock lounged under the tannoy of junipers .
let 's start a slow climb .	we start slowly climbing .
that phone booth alley was just here	the phone booth was right there .
i believe him to be the great gloop ... the one spoken of in the ancient scrolls .	i believe it 's goliath gloop himself , the one whose old scrolls are mentioned .
i 'm not changing my vote .	i wo n't change my voice .
kanta . let 's go home together .	kanto , we 're going home together !
you 're pleased , however ? ''	but are you happy ? ``
hey , how are youreally feeling ?	how do you really feel ?
your make-up 's smeared .	your makeup is spoilt .
are n't you adorable .	you 're so cute .
nobody does that .	no one 's doing it .
and the weapons did fire .	and laser guns fired .
parliament thereby gave its assent .	parliament therefore approved the consent .
sounds like a fucking video game !	it 's like some stupid video game .
that 's a match for another girl that got hit by the same blast with a ruptured liver , right down the hall .	the same as other girls with torn livers at the end of the corridor , which struck the same explosion .
he is so young .	such a young boy .
wake up , please ! wake up !	i want you to wake up .
eating righthas me looking like this .	i look like this with a good meal .
look me dead in the eye .	look at my eyes .
i have promised you i will have finished for his birthday .	i promised her they 'd be ready for her birthday .
so who is she ?	then who was he ?
that 's tina ... musante .	and this is tina ...
he laughed , and put his great hands over hers .	he laughed and covered her hands with her large hands .
the others have all gone on .	everyone else has moved on .
by never baited ivan while miles was around .	he would never attack ivan in miles 's presence .
or perhaps i never knew it .	or maybe i do n't even know him .
no jail time ? no jail time .	you 're not going to jail .
not yet you do n't .	no , not yet !
people have a lot of trouble making decisions	people have many problems to make decisions
in particular , administrative capacity is being strengthened with regard to environmental investment planning and prioritisation .	administrative capacities are particularly enhanced in relation to planning and prioritisation of investments in the environment .
mrs. gardiner had seen pemberley , and known the late mr. darcy by character perfectly well .	mrs gardiner saw pemberley and knew mr darcy 's well-being according to the story .
these are awful .	they 're terrible .
one morning a fedex guy comes with an envelope for me	one morning , a guy from fedexu came to see me .
how go the alchemists attempt to clone ?	but how would alchemists ever try cloning ?
they do n't expect anything .	they 're not waiting .
the deadline for submission of application forms is 15 september 2011 at midnight .	applications should be lodged within 24 : 00 on 15 september 2011 .
gon na make daddy cry . yeah , yeah , yeah .	bring your daddy to tears , yes , yes .
cia 's got a classified file on me .	the cia has a secret record about me .
luxembourg/luxemburg mylan bvba/sprl tél/tel : + 0032 2 658 61 00 ( belgium )	norge mylan ab tlf : + 46 8-555 227 50 ( sverige )
a tear slipped from the corner of each eye and skidded down the whiteness of her cheeks .	in the corners of her eyes , there were tears streaming down her cheeks .
hostility posing as professionalism .	enmity is professional .
hey , so this must be the part where the jealous ex-boyfriend comes over and threatens the new guy .	so now there 's a time when a jealous ex-boyfriend came to threaten the new one .
which is right after your son died .	after the death of your son ?
like you , i was forced to learn there are those without decency ... ... who must be fought without hesitation , without pity .	just as you must have learned that some do n't know what is moral , that they need to be fought with , without hesitation , no regrets .
all right where did your parents actually go ?	i mean , where have your parents really gone ?
well , sticking your fingers down your throat is only gon na make things worse .	but by sticking your fingers in your throat , you wo n't be any help .
oh . he 'll be conducting a full investigation of the enterprise .	and he will lead an extensive investigation into the enterprise .
what message ? what motorboat ?	what kind of speedboat ?
glory to the badshah of bahrestan !	hail badshawe bahream !
cut slab from crystal	cutting off a slice of crystal
i have done nothing wrong .	i did n't do anything !
help mama loofah this crap off her .	help your mom get these ugly things off .
he could see where the ice had been broken and had yet to refreeze .	dennis could see that the ice was broken , but he could not recover .
when he 's afraid somebody might be watching him .	that 's the look of a man who fears someone is watching him .
he straightened his pants , which had dropped below the bulge of his belly , and hooked his thumbs in his belt , trying to appear somewhat important .	he pulled his trousers , sliding under his round belly , his thumbs hooked up behind his belt to make it look as big as possible .
the protestant chaplain , as well as the priest , was a bachelor ; the two clergy shared a house .	the protestant pastor and catholic priest were old lads and shared one house .
the night before too .	same as last night .
occasionally , it opened its eyes a glittering slit , fixed their gaze on xar .	he suddenly opened his eyes to a shiny slit and looked at xar .
leto saw the life leave him then .	leto could see that duncan had left his life .
and it 's not marnie or spirits we need protection from .	but we do n't need to protect marnie or the ghosts .
nothing can be heard .	there 's nothing to hear .
it 's an absolute pleasure to meet you .	i 'm really happy for you .
16 dive-bombers left , and matt garth is bringing 3 from the yorktown .	16 swoop bombers and matt garth will arrive with three more of yorktown .
i do n't hear you !	i 'm not listening !
right , so the victim 's arm contained a composition of lauric , myristic , palmitic , capric , stearic ...	the victim 's hands were a mixture of laurian acid , mythic , palmettes , cathedrals and steels .
clean it up , coke whore .	wipe that coke out of your mouth , bitch .
because things are n't fine .	because everything is not okay .
this is gwenovier from profiles .	it 's gwenovic of the profiles .
once everyone 's here , we 'll be drinking lots of champagne .	when the others come , we will drink a sea of champagne .
no way . somebody shut his lights .	someone switched off the lights .
the mass-produced obliterators were loaded aboard the heavily armored vessels that had been built at junction as well as seventeen satellite shipyards .	on the deck of the heavily armoured craft , built at the node and seven other satellite shipyards , mass-produced founders were loaded .
oh , would'st thou leave me so unsatisfied ?	are you leaving me so unhappy ?
we start the two clocks at the same time , the 4 and the 7 .	both hours will be released simultaneously , both 4 and 7 .
they 're called maple trees , and they originate on earth—where bharaputra 's clone was taken for training .	they call them the maple and they come from earth - and they took bharapuet 's clone for training .
i am sorry to have disturbed you . '	i 'm sorry to disturb you. ``
raiders from the broken lands breached the qanats at kagga basin and spilled all of their waters into the sands .	the raiders from the rozerané territory tore through the canines in a pan of kagga , spilling all the water into the desert .
he is unlike any other being in shadow or reality .	they differ from other beings , whether shadow or real .
extra legs equals extra awesomeness .	the extra foot is equal to the horror of extra
then boss may become a terrifying person and even i would fear of him .	in that case , the boss can become very scary when even i fear him .
and this may not be common knowledge , but , you know ... i actually judged a youth conducting competition that he won when he was 12 years old .	while it 's not a familiar thing , i 've juggled the competition of young conductor he won in 12 years .
could just be a lab error .	but it 's just plain laboratory error .
[ 3 ] text to be finalised after adoption of the new staff regulations .	[ 3 ] the text is documented following a decision on the new status .
at very last , way west , their scouts found the sea .	and in the end , far west , the explorers discovered the sea .
all children must be back by five pm . - go on .	all the kids are supposed to be back by 5 : 00 in the afternoon .
oh , glad you did n't .	i 'm glad not .
i do not remember .	i did n't forget , colton .
they no longer depended on hunting for survival .	their survival did n't depend on the hunt .
town 's got a reservoir again .	the city has the gas tank again .
thanks , thanks so much	thank you . thank you very much .
you gon na shut up ?	will you be quiet ?
you can ’ t play this game . ”	you ca n't play this game. ``
who the fuck are these guys ?	who 's this guy ?
`` they communicate ship to ship .	`` they are communicating with ships .
this and this , sorry that 's ...	here and here , i 'm sorry .
they 're fifty cents each .	everyone costs 50 cents .
ah ... jesus ...	oh , my god .
dr. cruler , the specimens .	dr crusher , samples .
he holds the baby .	he 's a kid .
people do n't hate me .	no one hates me .
endangering not just vampires ,	he would threaten not only vampires
if he goes to sleep , he 's done for .	if he falls asleep , it 'll be over .
and you also won a pair of sunglasses ...	besides , you won the sunglasses .
perhaps that 's what i deserve for worshiping false idols .	maybe i deserve it when i used to worship fake idols .
sparhawk nearly laughed aloud .	sparhawk almost burst out laughing .
what 's the penalty for that ?	what kind of punishment is that ?
they must keep the option of maintaining or introducing more stringent protective measures .	it must be able to maintain or introduce more stringent safeguards .
nice and easy ...	gently and easily .
no , we ca n't . will wants to keep his music career separate from his movie career .	will does n't want his music career mixed up with the film .
of those stubby little yellow fingers . we wear simpsons clothing , we get simpson tattoos ,	we wear the simpsons clothes , we keep the simpsons tattooed , we teach about simpsos .
listen , say sayu what you feel for keisha .	then tell saya how you feel about keisha .
people know were mates now .	everyone knows we 're friends .
taco night takes the entire kitchen staff and our six hands .	so mexico 's night will require all personnel of all six hands .
all i do is smoke pot and watch movies with a teddy-fucking-bear .	i 'm just smoking weed and watching movies with a fucking bear .
this is terribly embarrassing for me .	i 'm so embarrassed .
when did danny last come up your house ?	when was the last time danny was home ?
well , now take it easy , fella .	calm down , buddy .
you laugh in my face .	you 're laughing at me .
that declaration therefore has no legal significance .	this statement therefore does not have legal scope .
'about klael , i mean to say ? '	`` klael-i mean ? ''
well , hey . what were those noises ?	okay , what was that noise ?
once he took on 8 alone and kicked their asses	one day he went to eight and kicked his ass .
it 's like 2 a.m. here .	here 's two hours in the morning .
how doth my lady ?	how 's the missus ?
you have many cousins , i have been told .	they told me you had a lot of cousins and cousins .
they inspect the cars coming in .	they 're looking at the car .
and i saw that stat book you put together , amazing .	i 've seen your statistics books , amazing .
he 's refusing treatment on religious grounds , you'il lose .	you lose the treatment for religious reasons , you lose .
you gave us a fright , pard .	you scared the hell out of us .
the investigation continues and we shall do our best .	investigations are continuing and we are doing what we can .
that 's my business . nobody 's gon na bother you , and i mean nobody .	no one is going to bother you , no one .
12. , 9200 mosonmagyaróvár , hu civis seed kft .	zhou 4 , 30-002 krakow , poland raps gbr , saatzucht lundsgaard lundsgaard lundsgaard weg 1 , 24977 grundhof , germany semences prograin inc .
get one of those trucks started !	start the truck !
i wo n't take back that badge until the people of this county vote it back !	no , sir , i 'm not taking the badge back until people vote in the district .
`` but sometimes a person can be killed in such a way that it does n't look like murder . ''	`` but it is possible to kill a human being so as not to be a murder . ''
these were the men who assembled that night under the roof of mcmurdo for the killing of the pinkerton detective .	such people came together that night under mcmurd 's roof to kill pinkerton 's detective .
clair 's face was impassive .	the clair remained stoic .
resection ca n't be done too .	resection is also not possible .
his head was spinning as though he 'd just traveled miles by floo powder .	his head felt as if he were traveling hundreds of miles with lecab .
it 's not even nighttime when this rape happens .	the rape did n't even happen at night .
we checked all the trash cans .	we searched every dumpster .
do n't use my name , goddamn it .	do n't call me by name to hell .
the globalisation fund was designed to address short-term and ad-hoc emergency situations .	the egf is a concept aimed at addressing short-term and disposable emergency situations .
she wo n't be , the creature will take your friend to his eating grounds before killing her .	she was n't , she 's going to take your girlfriend to her lair before she kills her .
it is completely credible .	she 's perfectly reliable .
your forgot the reservations .	you forgot to make a reservation .
at that time it was not possible for a negro to make a payoff to a high police or political official to keep such an operation going .	back then , the cernoch could not afford to bribe a senior police officer or a political clinician to keep up such a business .
look , calm down .	take it easy .
just pick a name !	take your fucking name .
someone must be here . many strange things happened .	there 's a lot of strange things going on .
jake , do not do that .	do n't do it !
that blonde chick 's a dude ?	the blonde cat is a guy ?
they do n't have cable here .	there 's no cable .
without excitement or emotion or hurry , it yet seemed full and significant of things the words did not mean .	there was no excitement , no emotion , no rush , and yet he seemed irrevocable and content to give meaning to what he had missed .
and it is a message	this is the message .
do not let him get away ! do not let him get away !	do n't let them escape .
oh , too bad .	well ... that 's a shame .
48 the commission examines , in the second place , the various activities of notaries in the austrian legal system .	48 next , the commission continues to examine the various activities carried out by a notary in austria .
i just wan na get this over with .	i want it to be over .
a million , million books , hatching shadows .	millions of millions of books that make shadows .
you got ta send somebody out ...	you have to send someone !
quickly , go boil some water .	quick , get the water warmed up !
that 'll be the police .	it 's the cops .
he had an operation .	he was in surgery .
you wo n't speak 'til the end ?	you 're not gon na talk , even if it 's your end ?
so , you think anyone 's going to respond to this ?	do you think someone will answer that ?
many young engineers want to space-not many lawyers .	a lot of young engineers are piling into the universe , but lawyers pretty much did n't .
we 're balkan too .	we are also from the balkans .
so around the world , science detectives have sent out an all-points bulletin for extraterrestrial life .	and all over the world , detectives of science have circulated multi-point questionnaires on alien life .
that young lady 's gettin ' a little worried .	the young lady is already starting to worry .
alright , 10 more minutes till dad gets home , but that 's it , ok ?	okay , ten more minutes before my dad comes out of work , all right ?
the in-depth review shall be made public .	an in-depth review is being published .
this is fuckin ' done .	it 's fucking done .
all right , tell him i said hi .	say hello to him for me .
you ai n't even italian .	you 're not italian ?
it 's just that it makes me feel bad when mr hunsecker hurts you .	i only have a bad feeling when mr. hunsecker is hurting you .
'do n't let us lose one another , or forget which way the hedge lies ! '	`` just let 's not lose our minds , and let 's not forget which way lies a hedge . ''
a male humpback whale sings to attract a mate .	the male keporkaka sings to bring his partner .
everyone suffers as it is .	we all suffer .
i must get out .	i have to go .
i 've seen nothing , heard nothing .	i did n't see anything .
praying for a looooong life for you	i pray for your dloooo life
are n't you the romantic ?	you 're a romantic .
services auxiliary to insurance have to relate to insurance .	aid insurance services must be covered by insurance .
as i roused myself from a short nap after day had dawned , my eyes fell upon a most singular appearance upon my own leg .	i had a little nap at dawn , and when i woke up , i saw something very peculiar on my leg .
dad 's barcalounger ; the horrible bouquet floral sofa ...	daddy 's chair , that awful flowering couch ...
i 'm going grouse hunting this winter .	i want to hunt in winter .
they canceled your american express card ?	did your credit card be revoked ?
arms length apart !	separately , at arm 's length .
real estate worth six billion dollars .	properties around the world at $ 6 billion .
performance under influence factors and electromagnetic disturbances 8.1 .	operation in action affecting the size and electromagnetic disturbance 8.1 .
a tracking device or a gps .	surveillance equipment or ... or gps .
resulted in an organism unlike anything i 've ever seen .	as a result of an organism i have never seen .
( announcer ) after their exhilarating helicopter tour of los angeles with chef ramsay ...	after an exhausting trip by helicopter to los angeles with his boss ...
any interest in helping me solve the case that will not be solved ?	you want to help solve a case that wo n't be solved ?
two years later , i discovered that father christmas did n't exist either .	two years later they also told me there was no santa claus .
any friends left behind to keep you company -- girlfriends , boyfriends ?	and there 's someone who would keep you company , your friends , your friends ?
oh , no , no , not again .	oh ... no ... no ... no more .
( laughter ) - this guy sitting right behind home plate and he starts heckling john like there 's no tomorrow .	the guy sits right behind his house meta and starts provoking john that he does n't want to be there tomorrow .
i got ta make things right !	i have to put things right .
this means better value for money and could save around €3 to €6 billion yearly .	in this way , funds will be used more efficiently , and it could be saved annually by about €3-6 billion .
$ 20 , she 's yours .	twenty dollars and yours .
i fear she may have left .	i 'm afraid she 's gone .
keep it in .	keep him inside !
'only my spirits . '	`` just my spirit . ''
three days after arleen had been snatched back from the bikers ' den an interview purporting to be with one of arleen 's nurses appeared in the chronicle .	three days after the police took arleen out of the bar , it appeared in a chronicle interview with the woman , who arleen was nursing at the hospital .
shut your fucking mouth ! we 're not gon na do this ?	shut the fuck up !
wan na drink the melty part ?	do you want to drink it ?
have you seen zanic 's place ?	did you see zane 's shack ?
can you imagine an american lawyer dropping off papers at night ? .	do you know a u.s. lawyer bringing up your paperwork at night ?
leydecker gave him an unbelieving look as he shoved the gearshift lever of his stripped-to-the-bone police department chevy into park .	leydecker looked at him in disbelief as he set the transfer lever of the battered police chevrolet into a parking position .
ooh , i hear they got officially licensed drawn togethermerchandise !	i heard they 've got an official license on drawn together .
we 're having sex , and we 're not telling people about it .	we have sex , but we do n't tell anyone .
babies starve , politicians grow fat ... ... holy men are martyred , and junkies grow legion .	children die of hunger , the politicians plump , the saints become martyrs , and narrows are multiplying .
keep your head warm in the winter , sun off your neck in the summer .	they heat up their heads in winter to protect their necks from the sun .
no , you 've lost me .	no , i 'm losing my mind .
'very nice , 'mumbled pear .	'beautiful , 'he muttered .
take the syringe out of the packaging by holding the syringe body .	remove the syringe from the pack and grasp it behind the syringe .
after this she began to scream horribly .	then she started screaming .
two : the prisoners address the guards as `` mr prison guard '' .	prisoners call out supervisor 'mr prison guard '
flight telemetry indicated no systems malfunction .	the telemetry of the flight did not indicate any systemic fault .
you want me to make the arrest too ?	should n't i arrest them too ?
i 'm not bringing anybody .	i wo n't bring anyone .
go see to supper , katie-girl .	go check out dinner , katie .
they were keeping watch over her in the late-morning hours after she had awakened and gone back to sleep again .	in the late afternoon when she woke up and fell asleep , they held a guard over her .
i did n't change everyone 's locks , just mine .	i only changed my lock .
probably destroyed your relationship ...	it 's likely to destroy your relationship .
do n't send a response .	do not send an answer
any windows open ? any sign of break-in ?	was the window open ?
i mean , i think anyone who 's married and says they have n't is lying .	i think who 's in the marriage and he 's gon na say no to lying .
and to drink ?	what about drinks ?
let 's go get some wings .	we 're gon na go somewhere on wings .
i have chosen to hold that magic within me .	i decided to keep the magic in myself .
he is benefiting from a very lucky coincidence .	he has benefited from one very fortunate chance !
you wan na see more of them ?	you want to see another one ?
we 're going out for dinner . and i 'm having chicken pie .	then we 'll have dinner and i 'll have the fried chicken .
have you got him ?	did you get it ?
well , your dad was friends with them ?	your father is their friend ?
do n't forget the essay	remember that essay .
`` i lie here , feeling my life ebb away ,	i lie here and i feel life running between my toes .
oh , this is the scene .	it 's the scene !
i anticipated that diversionary tactic from his pattern to date .	i predicted diversions tactics according to the pattern of his behaviour .
if your prayer be answered ... ... will prescients never return to the valley again ?	when they hear your prayer , jasmine will never come back ?
i change the dressings .	i 'm changing bandages .
cross-compliance at present , cross-compliance rules are laid down in various legal acts .	conditionality the rules on conditionality are currently laid down in different regulations .
ozkanian was a little slow catching on in his leadership of second squad .	ozkanian is thrust into the lead of the other squad a little slowly .
it means nothing . it 's not as though ...	it does n't mean anything .
i ask no favor of thee , but i will help thee investigate thine own situation .	i 'm not asking you for a favor , but i 'll help you explore the situation .
you had to go and kill her !	you must have killed her .
a zigzag of silver ran down the hillside tovthe huts-a decauville track , bond guessed , to bring the guano from the diggings down to the crusher and separator .	a silvery ribbon trickled down the slope - bond thought it was a narrow track , which gummed down to drinkers and three-timers .
she lay in a deep sleep .	she was deeply asleep .
you 'd think he could do better than some primping gold digger from mobdom . ''	you might think he 's got more than a gold-plated gold jeweler. ``
can not say that i 'm not paying for it .	and you ca n't say i did n't pay for it .
unfortunately ... this was maybe a little too grand .	unfortunately ... that may have been too big .
i had a friend that had some problems .	my friend was in trouble .
why do you still do such things ?	why are you doing this again ?
then we 'll test it now .	so we 're testing him right now .
third salvo . fire .	third volley , fire !
i 'm locking the front doors , go home , sir	i 'll lock the front door .
you do n't let a murderer go free ... any murderer .	there 's no way of releasing a killer , no killer .
you 're flying first class with mommy with all the divorce money .	you fly with your mom for money from her divorce .
these limitations shall not apply once that decision has been taken .	such restrictions will cease to apply once the decision is taken .
'here they come , ' paran observed .	'they 're coming , 'paran observed .
oh , i 'm not praying .	i do n't pray .
who 'll climb a mountain , superman ?	and who 's going to climb those mountains ?
it 's fixed !	they 're fixed .
you and i kept that bomb from going off . an attempted bombing on a ccr train outside chicago .	the two of us stopped the explosion ... . attempted to blast the ccr of a train in a suburb of chicago .
in effect , be a citizen .	as a result , being citizens .
this setting allows for periodic verification while the computer is operating .	this setting allows regular authentication during your computer 's activity .
'are you enjoying that milk ? '	`` you like the milk ? ''
dad , you bastard !	son of a bitch .
jason spoke quickly , before the talker could react to the insult .	jason was quick to answer before naxa 's response .
the existing facilities have become outdated and do not meet the modern requirements of the public anymore .	existing facilities are obsolete and are no longer compliant with the current public requirements .
shall we remove the files ?	do you want us to delete the records ?
okay , well ... we 're going through a tunnel !	okay , there 's a tunnel coming up .
sergeant lves is from army cid .	sergeant ives is a military officer for the investigation .
allow export sensitive properties	enable sensitive property exports
modification of this field causes register status changing .	changing this field will cause a registry to change .
there is a clear status benefit to the minority ; no obvious harm is being done to the majority ; and the long-term consequences are unfathomable .	the minority provides a clear advantage in its position , most of which is no apparent injury , and no one knows the long-term consequences .
a hat can become a chance for him to show off his dexterity .	the hat may be an occasion to show his skill .
you lose it ...	you 're losing her .
girls , come quick !	ladies ... hurry up ...
( i ) doors shall be fitted with transparent windows to allow passengers to identify the presence of a platform .	the door must be provided with transparent windows allowing passengers to see if the train has come to the platform .
there 's no way israel or palestine will get on board with that .	israel and palestine will not go for anything .
we ai n't gon na stop .	we 're not going to stop .
`` but why 'douglas ' and 'birlstone ' ? ''	`` why is it there , douglas'a , birlstone ? ''
a giant black neptune spouted a wide pink stream from his maw .	gigantic black neptune garnered a massive , pink current out of its mouth .
'but i did n't expect this kind of treatment . '	`` but i was n't expecting that sort of treatment either . ''
i find myself praying you wo n't say something irritating .	i pray you do n't start calling me something unpleasant .
lonely in themselves , sha'ik . '	they alone with themselves , sha'ik. ``
1122 east 169th street po box 367 , us-46074 westfield gro agri seeds po box 1656 , us-79408 lubbock crosbyton in t. seeds us-79332 crosbyton agrigenetics co .	rothwell , market rasen , ln7 6dt lincolnshire , uk pflanzenters dr. h.c.r . carsten postfach 12 61 , d-23601 bad schwartau pioneer hi-bred , international inc .
otherwise it was all a confusion of screaming .	otherwise , just confusion and screams .
across the globe they achieved a notoriety in 19 languages .	the entire globe is written about them in nineteen languages .
seidengasse 33-35 1070 wien austria blopress 16 mg – tabletten 16 mg tablet oral use austria takeda pharma ges.m.b.h .	eucalipto n o 33 28016 / madrid spain inhibace 2.5 mg film-coated tablet oral use spain roche d.o.o .
llke in monteverdl 's opera , remember ?	as a monteververo opera , you know ?
we 're more hated than those creatures .	he hates us more than monsters .
sorry about the short notice .	i apologize for the brief announcement .
pleased to see you reading this .	i 'm glad you read it .
walter strider -- he 's the one ?	walter strider - is that him ?
they 're a positive earth-centred religion .	their religion is positively lacerated .
uh-oh . we 've got trouble .	we have a problem .
ten days left , a quarter ration , give or take .	we have a quarter dose to 10 days .
you been workin ' ?	are you working on something ?
packer . this is n't amusing .	that 's not funny .
have you ever met this mack the knife ?	did you ever meet that mackie messer ?
the eight diners glanced up and then resumed their meals .	eight guests looked up and came back to eat again .
ready with the legs .	get your feet ready .
i 'm not denying that i 've got something out this .	i do n't deny that i got rid of anything .
there 's too much heat on those guns , all right ?	the guns are too hot .
take lots of pictures for me , ok ?	take my picture , all right ?
how come they just let that bono guy send a picture of his crap ?	how did they let it happen to bond for sending a picture of shit ?
not dead , stupid . just in the back of the knee .	not kill , only to your knees , dumbass .
well , we 're gon na have trouble from legal on eight .	we 'll have problems with the law in eight .
the estimated number of messages per day will be about 3 000 .	a daily transfer of approximately 3,000 messages are forecast .
the routes do n't vary much .	the routes are not very different .
obviously always an option .	always a possibility , of course .
you wan na come ?	do you want some ?
overlaid with displaced middle western , california perhaps .	then you moved to the middle west , maybe california .
however , we do n't worry about it do we ? do you ?	but we 're not going to worry about that , are we ?
these houses were n't the real biggies , the coast estates owned by men who counted their fortunes in seven and eight figures .	these houses are nothing big , no coastal hacienda of people who count their wealth in seven and eight-digit figures .
what is the share of people who buy pet food and pet care goods ?	what part of the population behaves pets and buys food and needs for them ?
it 's all paid ?	did you pay for everything ?
3.14. appendix 1 , section c , spells out more rules relating to employees .	3.14 in section c of annex i , there are other rules concerning employees .
i 'm gon na find a way into their top-secret military wing .	i 'm going to go to her secret military section .
measures which ensure adequate supervision and surveillance of transparent contract award procedures and adequate information thereon ;	measures ensuring appropriate oversight of the transparency of procurement procedures and relevant information
hey , you finally figured out something for yourself .	you 're finally on your own .
e.m.t . says he 's stable .	the paramedics said she was stable .
send an embassy group , probably including one trained by eudoxus…hmm . ”	they 'll send a group of envoys , presumably , including someone who trained eudoxus ... hmm. ``
i 'm here to build the dam at chimaya .	build a dam in chimayi.e
but he showed none of the previous night 's sparkle as he bid his family good-bye and set off on foot beside lya 's horse .	but when he was saying goodbye to his family and he was walking behind ian 's horse , there was no spark in him from last night .
provide your miners with food	feed the miners ' food
i am honored that you remember . ''	it 's an honor you remember me. ``
she wo n't sleep that way .	he 's not going to sleep like this .
mr bullmer , would you like a drink ?	mr. bulmer , can i get you something to drink ?
he ca n't breathe !	he 's not breathing !
you are no longer a daughter of mine .	you 're not my daughter anymore .
it would appear we no longer have the element of surprise .	looks like we do n't have a surprise on our part .
i 'm not hired to sing one .	they did n't hire me to sing .
whoa ! boys , check this out .	wow , guys , look at this .
in fact , it 's been a 500 per cent success !	even five hundred percent success !
get some shots of that .	take a few shots .
you have been apprehended .	you 're under arrest .
he remembered thinking : maybe it 'll even get as far as ankh-morpork .	later , gaspode remembered thinking : he might catch up to ankh-morpork .
you ca n't do anything with this bunch !	there 's nothing you can do with this crowd .
freddy allows oscar to ride on his back as usually only a mother would .	freddy lets oscar climb on top of him , which usually only leaves mothers .
hold up , goddamnit !	wait , damn it !
we 're absolutely certain about that .	we are absolutely sure of this .
not to waste chakra .	do n't waste chakrou .
gobiesocidae — carounovití rod : gobiesox lacepede , 1800 synonyma gobiesox nigricans philippi , 1899 .	typhlias sensei hubbs , 1938
you 're not even gon na give me a shot at winning in my own house ?	wo n't you give me a chance to win on home soil ?
it 's a disguised spaceship ?	is tpje the stealth spaceship ?
`` the wounded who have returned ...	`` the injuries that came back ...
you really need to clean that vault out .	you should really clean up at the crypt .
i 'm trying to sleep .	we want to sleep !
my mom said lesbians lick carpet . - really ?	mom said a lesbian must be licking the rug .
what , you think this is funny , humiliating people ?	you think it 's funny to humiliate people like that ?
it 's mother . hurry !	mother , come on !
are not the threads backward connected ?	is n't thread back ?
his excellency has been expecting you . ”	his excellency awaits you. ``
i fucking hate it here !	i hate this place .
that'il be my funny prank .	it 's my little joke .
no-one ever liked you . ''	no one ever loved you ! ``
i repeat , _do n't remove the bit until we say so_ . ''	i repeat - do not remove the crown until we tell you. ``
ted must leave and a woman should follow her husband .	now he must leave and his wife should be with him .
the adult boomer male .	he 's an adult male kangaroo !
nice to meet you . - yeah , i just saw you out there . you 're channel 11 , right ?	i 've just seen you on channel 11. are you on board ?
all you ever do is strike out !	it 's always strike out .
that 's so fucking stupid .	it 's such bullshit .
'just clearing up my giblets , my lord ! ' squealed the soothsayer .	`` i 'm just cleaning my gigs , sir ! '' the translator groaned .
this is no easy task - every now and then one of the workers ... collapses from the fumes .	it 's not an easy task - sometimes a worker collapses out of fumes .
all right , on the count of three , fellas .	i 'm counting to three , guys .
so you made me believe ... ... that he was hiding me .	and you 've convinced me he 's hiding me from the others .
he 's like a sweet little seal pup .	she 's like cute baby seals .
they 've addled his brain ... ... and yellowed his teeth .	they cut his brains out and gave him their teeth .
breakers walking up the north stairway .	boarders rising along the north staircase .
the stuff that 's been happening lately .	about the things that happened recently .
you do n't poison the pope !	the pope will not be poisoned !
i no longer play .	i 'm not playing anymore .
i do not want to lose it .	and i ca n't lose you .
the kind that you denied ever owning .	those whose ownership you have denied .
we 're cutting budgets and depleting our military .	we are cutting the budget and limiting the armed forces .
some mahs nonetheless proposed minor amendments to the product information , in particular with regard to treatment duration .	nevertheless , some marketing authorisation holders have proposed smaller adjustments in product information , especially considering the length of treatment .
your hair is so cool .	you have great hair .
upon entering , he closed the door and bolted it .	as we entered he shut the door and put the latch on .
in those days , the surest way to identify an escaped convict was by his short haircut .	the escaped prisoner had identified himself most safely , according to a short cut of hair .
y ... your brother 's ?	is he a brother ?
this mustache is crap .	the moustache is fucked up .
just get the bastard .	grab the son of a bitch .
i have already said many times .	i 've told you several times .
the ‘ consorzi di bonifica ’ are autonomous public undertakings that manage drainage areas .	`` consorzi di bonifica '' is a public stand-alone company that runs dry areas .
experts estimate the cost to taxpayers at north of $ 50 .	experts estimate he stole more than $ 50 for people .
anyway , let 's jam .	we 're going to jam .
oh , come on !	come on . come on .
ment relationships , providing ad- equate security for workers under all forms of contracts in order to tackle segmented labour markets .	totalled in all working relationships , to provide certainty to all - the players with all kinds of contracts , and to face such a segmented labour market .
'why ? ' she says again .	`` why ? '' he repeats again .
ten percent atmosphere .	air density 10 % .
jesus , what 's wrong with her feet ?	oh , my god . what happened to your legs ?
like a grown man engaged in a boy 's game , fancying himself a movie hero .	he felt like a fool again : the adult man is playing as a kid and thinks he 's a movie hero ...
apparently they 're taking a hostage .	they seem to be taking hostages .
our first influence was really the american blues processed with the sensitivity of british rock musicians .	the first thing that affected us was america 's blues , which were made by english rock musicians .
take this , granny !	here you go , grandma !
leigh teabing was wealthy in the way small countries were wealthy .	leigh teabing was about as rich as some small states .
then she just packed the wagon and hitched the horses and pulled out of there and she never did go back .	then she put things on the wagon , gave her horse a ride , and never came back .
rustling , wadding , hoarse breathing and a telephone ringing .	the rustle of crumpled paper , wheezing breath , and phone ringing again .
charlie , this is my big song . - yeah , yeah .	charlie , it 's a great song for me .
it 's true . it 's just that doug is so rebellious . i ca n't control him .	you 're right , jo-doug is just a terrible rebel , i ca n't handle him . yeah .
very clever , papa .	that 's smart , pop .
there 's really nothing i need .	i do n't even need anything .
that could be a major relief for local residents .	this would bring considerable relief to the local population .
i thought you turned those tapes in .	you gave the tapes to them .
now get out there and kick ass .	so go and kick some butt .
birinair drew himself up ; rediscovering dignity in his responsibility .	birinair pushed forward , and with responsibility he regained his dignity .
that will cool him off .	it 'll calm him down .
he wo n't take my telephone calls .	he 's not answering my phone .
oh , no , what kind of nasty , freaky perversion you try and talk that sweet , innocent girl into ?	but not , what a simple , strange , twisted nature have you tried to tell the sweet innocent girl ?
you know a guy ?	do you have an acquaintance ?
distended stomach with absent bowel sounds .	a swollen belly with the distant sound of guts .
our killer works at a mortuary .	our killer is working in the morgue .
father made him that way .	my father did it .
that sharing of bread -- none of the other groups did that .	maybe the bread sharing - no other group has done it .
that is hilarious !	that 's funny .
well , i could take 10 from the tens place so then this is going to become 0 .	well , we can take 10 out of the tens place , in the tens order of tens , and add a ten to the order of units .
they 're all over the crime bulletins lately for attacking charter boats up and down the coast .	lately there 's been a full-blown crime bulletin board for invading ships all over the coast .
i receive strange sounds .	i 'm getting weird noises .
ljubisa kurcubic kure , in a word , a knight in a shining armour , a true patriot !	ljubisha quartet kure , one word a man of knighthood and a patriot .
he got phased out .	gradually he faded away .
well , this is interesting .	that 's really interesting .
if clotting could be prevented , could death be avoided ?	would it prevent death from clotting ?
customs and border patrol would catch it first for letting him in .	border control and customs control gets the first one they 've let him out of bounds .
does mr. la boeuf survive ?	is mr. leboeuf alive ?
you keep me completely interested .	you kept my complete interest .
you know , money-laundering networks .	it 's a money-laundering network .
i do n't want to miss my mom when she comes .	it would upset my mom if she had n't found me here .
that ca n't be it .	it 's not possible .
mort had just stepped backwards again .	mort took another step backward .
i got her to her feet .	i put it on my feet .
`` we have patrol aircraft looking for them , but so far we have not spotted anything .	`` our recon planes are on it , but we have n't noticed anything yet .
we were leaving november 10th . we 're done here .	we were supposed to leave on november 10 .
someone in here is infected .	one of us was infected .
we have been waiting !	we 're waiting for her .
a step towards proper path .	step in the right direction .
it 's disco vietnam .	we have a disco in nam .
not only are we not selling the condo ... ... i may have promised to buy hera new fridge .	it 's not just that we do n't sell an apartment . i 've promised her a new fridge .
there are millions of them in java… ''	there 's millions in the java. ``
the strip ground slowly to a stop , the giant rotors and myriad rollers acting as fly wheels in preventing a disastrous sudden stop .	the belt was slow to stop ; gigantic rotors and thousands were now behaving like flywheels to prevent the disastrous aftermath of an immediate stop .
this is why i never take girls in my crew .	that 's why i do n't take girls to the gang .
put apes in danger !	danger to the monkey .
we 're talking about 2 cents .	it 's two cents .
kahane had come up empty on five straight trips .	kahane returned with an empty of five flights .
i must not fear .	i ca n't be afraid .
well sure , yeah .	of course , yes .
kareen sighed , pushed away from the stonework upon which she had been leaning , dusted futilely at a snag in her raspberry gauze , and smiled farewell .	kareen sighed , drained away from the balustrade that she was leaning against , unsuccessfully shaking the bitter spot on her tiny cobweb gown and smiling goodbye .
then continue with your normal schedule .	follow up on your usual schedule .
the deaths that will happen , they have to happen .	and death , which is only going to happen , has to happen .
but thanks to these heroes the plane made a safe landing .	we can thank these heroes that the plane landed safely
with oponn 's luck bits of him are souring that soletaken 's stomach . '	oponn 's luck is now corrupting his stomach. ``
that lady makes me sick !	i 'm sick of this lady .
ben was thinking and missed the look .	ben thought about it , then missed it .
the victims are dying in 24 hours . it 's spreading fast .	they die within 24 hours , they spread quickly .
david 's heavier body crushed into the would-be sentry 's chest ; he twisted the right arm nearly out of its shoulder socket .	david , with his heavier body , came across his chest of a wannabe , a guard , and almost twisted his right hand off his shoulder .
here have a seat , have a seat .	sit down , sit down .
find the previous instance of a property and value find previous	finds previous properties and values
my oven needs cleaning .	i need to clean the oven .
looks like the town 's secured .	it seems the city is secure .
but its cold whispering and sly cooing knotted the nerves more effectively than had its voice at full bleat .	but his cool whispering and grisly snarl scraped his nerves more efficiently than his previous roar .
keep away from hot gay guys - unless they have girlfriends , like me .	avoid sexy gay boys if they do n't have a girl like me .
university students can arrange an overdraft at practically any bank offering student accounts without any great difficulty .	a counter-cyclical credit can be given to listeners in high schools without further gain in virtually all banks offering the conduct of student accounts .
like our very own !	he likes our own .
where is that hopeful little girl i used to know ?	where 's the little girl full of hope i knew ?
you just go stay with a friend , all right ?	you 're staying at a friend 's house , okay ?
phase two of the operation involved getting hold of a northwood security pass for just a few minutes , so that a duplicate could be made .	phase two was supposed to grab some security ids in northwood for a few minutes to get her copy .
if all has been as carefully carried out as it has been planned , we have no time to waste .	if everything was done exactly as intended , then we must not waste any time .
however , considerable adjustment is still needed in the coming years .	but a significant correction will be needed in the next few years .
she saw the sliver of bone rip up through the man 's leather-clad thigh .	korlat saw a fragment of bone protruding from his thigh .
the instant it closed i had the other door open and poked my head through .	the second he shut them up , i opened the door and i peeked out .
i 've got a settlement conference . reschedule .	i have a meeting to settle .
kinda caught me by surprise .	you kind of surprised me .
i hope dad hasn ' t gotten too fat	i hope my dad did n't take too much .
i suppose this is a sort of death .	i guess it 's like death .
what is happening to you ?	what 's going on ?
do you like somebody in the loft ?	does anyone like your apartment ?
hold the fuckin ' plane steady !	keep the fucking plane on course !
you 're not counting the youth vote .	you do n't count the votes of young people .
wound seven centimeters long , five millimeters wide .	the wound is 7 inches deep and 5 mm wide .
do svidanya to you , asshole .	you son of a bitch .
i do n't think marrians are my enemy	i do not consider the marrians to be enemies .
hector goes to africa .	hektor has reached africa !
start doing a room sweep .	start scanning the rooms .
a-all the pleasantries ?	all those courtesies ?
he hated to see men cry , it embarrassed him ; but there was no gainsaying it .	he hated it when the guys were crying , ashamed of it , but this could n't be stopped .
i have kept your secrets ,	i saved your secret .
they mean it with scorn .	he means contempt .
thorby felt that he understood lotarfi better than he did losians .	thorby felt more understanding of the lotarfans than the losians .
right nasty little bastard . no .	son of a bitch .
had a bad dream ?	did you dream something ?
we got ta get to the watch tower and warn the village .	we have to go to the guard tower now , warning the village !
wait , i have more things to say .	wait , that 's not all i 'm saying .
no , i mean , why would i help you besides the fact - that you 're an asshole ?	why should i help you , apart from being such a dick ?
tomorrow that photo will be published in all morning newspapers as a wanted poster .	we 'll have this photo published in every morning paper .
who may be at fault ?	whose fault is this , anyway ?
have you even seen that movie ?	did you even see the film ?
alcohol may make you feel faint or dizzy .	alcohol may cause a sensation of weakness or dizziness .
cordierite ceramic is a type of alumina magnesia silicate with specific properties , namely an excellent thermal shock resistance .	cordierite pottery is from aluminium-silicate , which is characterised by particular properties , particularly excellent resistance to thermal shocks .
you guys used to beg me to pay attention so you could teach me somethin ' .	i mean , you 've been begging me for attention so you can teach me something .
i must get it for myself .	i had to take him myself .
i was waiting for him to come home too nine years ago , just like this .	i waited for him nine years ago when he came back just as he did today .
but gentlemen , none of that matters now .	but , gentlemen , it does n't matter .
that was just part of my memory .	it 's just memories .
however , levofloxacin has poor penetration intro cerebro-spinal fluid .	but the penetration of levofloxacin into the cerebrospinal fluid is minor .
his tone left no doubt that he regarded their presence as an infringement upon his territory .	his tone did n't let anyone in doubt consider their presence a violation of their terror .
it extended upward some twenty meters .	he was moving about twenty yards up .
they 're all hiding !	everyone 's hiding .
she felt she had no place among us .	she did n't feel like she was one of us .
we may get to use them for six months or more before the state confiscates them . ”	maybe we 'll spend six months on them , even more than the state will confiscate them. ``
he is n't there .	he 's not here .
did you get back the tests on mr freeman ?	do we have mr. freeman 's tests back yet ?
hey , how 's your mother ?	what about your mom ?
i have n't seen it , but i hear it 's wonderful .	i did n't see her , but i heard she was amazing .
mr jovi knows absolutely nothing about 19th-century lmpressionism .	but , as far as i know , mr. jovi does n't know anything about 19-a-century impressionism .
look , i know union station could 've gone another way .	i realize there might have been another way at the station .
but you left ! you drove off !	but you drove away from her .
do you recall saint dominique ?	you remember st. louis .
'does that open ? '	`` he opens ? ''
i dont believe that .	i do n't believe it !
they come from new york and kansas city in this match-up .	we 're coming to new york city 's game against kansas city .
you 've got 6 shots .	you have six rounds .
watching every motion in my foolish lover 's game	i watch every move in a crazy game of lovers ...
every gun barrel has rifling which leaves striations on every bullet .	each barrel has a groove that leaves spades in each bullet .
but men look upon them as animals with pelts worth the taking .	but people stare at them like animals with a valuable skin .
quing-chin darted forward to feint a cut to the throat .	jieng-chin lunged forward , feigning at his throat .
if that was movie , i would go see it .	if they film it , i 'd be on it .
'are you telling me you 're two people ?	`` are you suggesting that you are two persons ?
climb it fast .	and come out quickly .
ah , it 's such amazing news !	this is such an amazing news .
well , that 's the way women sound when their spouse of 50 years dies .	there 's a woman who sounds like her husband dies after 50 years .
till the day we are reborn , you hold onto it for me .	until the day of our rebirth , take care of this for me .
'you amaze me . '	`` you surprise me . ''
yahko 's dead !	giaco is dead .
getting to wear the gloves ... which , in my book , dress up any outfit .	wear gloves ... which i think suits everyone 's clothes .
the third shark had nosed back a big section .	a third shark has already picked up quite a large part .
had some action failed ?	did any action fail ?
the advantages of water are evident , to a medicine dominated by the concern to equilibrate liquids and solids .	what virtues are in the water of medical practice , which is primarily about the balance between liquid and solid substances , is evident .
i am not gon na be the one responsible when these aliens set a bomb off on my soil !	i do n't want to know if these immigrants will detonate the bomb on my land !
we 're not telling .	we wo n't tell him .
this is due to your work !	it 's your job !
their reluctance was clearly etched on their faces as they regarded the outsider and his unusual dress : the forest green cloak and the triangular cap .	there was clearly visible resistance in their faces when a stranger in his particular garment - a green forest coat and a triangular cap - recorded .
i 've never stolen nothing , s-sir ! '	i did n't steal anything in my life ! '
she 's got a key .	she had the keys .
so he ca n't come within 100 feet of us .	he ca n't be any closer than a hundred feet away .
the images will print with full accuracy .	the pictures will be printed entirely .
he ai n't stupid .	he 's not an idiot .
he said it would work against vampires .	yeah , he says he 's working on vampires .
removing empty deltas file ...	removing blank delta files ...
ok , just listen for a second .	okay , now listen to me .
these claims were partially accepted .	this claim was accepted in part .
he has no interest in an attorney .	he 's not interested in counsel .
you said a witness saw thetruck stop . '	you 're saying one witness saw the truck stop ? ``
used to do it during the civil war .	they did so for civil wars .
but also we were in charge of the training of local technicians .	but we are also paid to educate local tech workers .
the suv ’ s motor raced , and there came the sound of metal tearing .	the car 's engine roared and was escorted by the noise of a torn metal .
so all the other languages are descended from it ? ''	so all other languages have evolved out of her ? ``
she gave him a startled look .	she looked at him , surprised .
betwixt dravidian shores and linear 5-9-3-0-1-6-7 point 0-2 , and strikes the fulsome grove of rexel 4 .	between the dravidian coastline and the linear five-nine-three-zero one-six-three-zero one-six-seven zero two , and it hits a foul line of rex four .
where were you ? - what are you talking about ?	where the hell have you been ?
they have hundreds . come on .	there 's hundreds of them .
and my company did a dawn attack --	in which my company launched my morning attack -
fun to be with him !	it 's fun .
it could belong to you !	he can be yours !
they 're just doritos .	it 's just crunches .
block cookies sent by third-party websites	block cookies from other sites
oh , i do n't dance .	i 'm not dancing .
in addition , the use of non-potable water may be authorized in exceptional cases for the cooling of refrigeration equipment .	it is also exceptionally possible to use non-drinking water to refrigerate refrigeration machines .
you took his head ?	does he have a head ?
brothers from different mothers !	we 're brothers with another mother .
irrespective of anything that we could measure .	no matter what we can measure .
that is possibly slightly weird .	it may be a little strange .
carlos had waited until dusk before driving his dilapidated pickup into the balmoral neighborhood .	carlos waited until nightfall , then set out with his crumbling truck into balmoral .
few people in sport divide public opinion quite like lance armstrong .	only a few athletes split the views of the public , as did lance armstrong .
the banks wo n't take it 'cause the feds still say it 's illegal .	banks do n't get them , 'cause they 're illegal .
nothing 's really happened yet .	it still has n't happened .
monk zheng came by from the wudang mountain .	monk zheng said you were on mount wudan .
what are you saying ? $ 50,000 was stolen from my fucking sock drawer !	fifty thousand dollars went away with my sock drawer .
that ca n't be right !	actually , that 's impossible !
jair could look after himself if he had to .	jair can take care of himself if needed .
joel hellman reallycould n't take no for an answer .	joel hellman could not really accept the answer .
indian male , elderly .	it 's an old indian .
she ... is pampinea anastasi..	she 's pampinea anastasi .
there are really nine battlerooms . ”	there are nine battlegrounds in fact. ``
you were there too . you 're a fuckin ' whore .	you 're a bitch , you fucking fucking lesbian whore !
you really thought that would stop an entire invasion ?	did you think this was gon na stop the invasion ?
they were also granted a period within which they could make representations subsequent to this disclosure .	in addition , they were given a period during which they could submit their comments upon the receipt of such information ;
if pregnancy is n't the issue ...	if it 's not a pregnancy ...
judge should be like , `` guilty . ''	the judge would have said , `` guilt ! ''
just under seven minutes to go , it 's home 47 , visitors 34. get in here !	the time is under 7 minutes and the home runs 47 versus 34 points .
i was probably back in my hotel in slo-town by eleven-thirty . ''	i got back at the hotel in about eleven-thirty. ``
it could be you that goes to jail .	you could end up in prison .
hearts were broken .	did you have a broken heart ?
audit observations and identified non-conformities shall be documented .	observations from audits and observed disagreements are documented .
between those periods of work , he was unemployed and received allowances on that basis .	among these periods of employment was unemployment and receiving unemployment benefits .
what am i telling you for ?	why do i have to tell you ?
god 's not moving .	do n't move god .
you 've no idea what happened to the $ 50,000 .	you do n't know what 's up with the $ 50,000 ?
you could get s-j to do anything if you talked fast and sounded sure of yourself .	s-j has done everything for you if you have spoken quickly and decisively .
attention , damn it , hello .	attention ! ... damn ! ... hello !
we may be able to get it knocked down to involuntary manslaughter ... 3 to 5 .	maybe we can mitigate this for involuntary manslaughter ... three to five .
thank you for clearing that up . i can stop looking now .	thanks for clearing me up , i do n't have to control it anymore .
when julian had finished his story , garoux had been shaking , his rheumy eyes full of tears and pain and hate .	as yulian dozed , garoux was trembling already , and his eyes were filled with pain and hatred .
it came as no surprise to me that my marriage ended in failure .	i 'm not surprised my marriage failed .
how about tonight we go see that stupid movie about the guy being hunted in africa ?	why do n't we go to that stupid movie today , hunt this guy in africa .
but seriously . that 's got ta stop .	seriously , you have to stop .
and conditions deteriorating rapidly !	but the situation is deteriorating rapidly .
it is necessary to carry out preliminary drying when dealing with solid feed which has high moisture content .	for solid feed with a high moisture content , a pre-match must be performed .
it had been perilous to develop a secret hand-talk with duncan .	the fact that he and duncan had developed a secret ring-finger was dangerous .
there we go . $ 20 ?	all right , 20 ?
the pilots called her the frisbee , the f-19a , the secretly developed stealth attack fighter .	pilots of this secretly-developed attack fighter jet stealth called a `` frisbee '' flying saucer .
meryl 's doing a showing at 7 o'clock for mr. rabelais .	meryl has an appointment at seven hours with mr. rabelai .
cost to buyer : almost ten thousand dollars .	trade for nearly $ 10,000 .
he turned his eyes down to his own lap , where the keystone was safely stowed in its wooden box .	he dropped his eyes and looked into his lap , where a chest of rosewood lay and a base stone in it .
'the blasted lands , ' richard said dubiously .	`` scorched earth , '' richard said doubtfully .
the owners were avowed antiseparatist basques who had endured gun attacks and a firebombing .	station owners have been sworn in by anti-separatist basques , and they have already had to face an armed raid and attacks of incendiary bombs .
i 've requested call logs .	i asked for phone records .
lieutenant colonel hagen , 1st , 5th and 10th infantry division with the fact-finding detachment is reporting for duty .	colonel hagen , the first , fifth and tenth infantry division ... ... will report to the service department .
dissatisfied with that judgment , the tax authorities brought an appeal before the cour d ’ appel , mons .	since the tax administration did not consider the decision to be satisfactory , it appealed against him to the cour d'appel de mons .
we 'll have relief come morning time ... .	there will be a relief this morning .
what 's the nearest train ?	which train is nearby ?
fund-raising , recruiting mostly .	i recruited finance . recruited , above all .
and each and every one ayurvedic physicians become yogis	and each of the ayurvedic doctors is at the same time jogín .
tas covered his ears with his hands , trying to block out the awful sound .	tas put his hands over his ears so he could not hear the foul noise .
one ranch coming up .	there 's a ranch going .
are repair crews assigned ?	is there a repair team there ?
eight bits of status would be what ?	the eight status bits then represent ...
joy luck just keeps getting luckier .	the cliché of joy is still more lucky .
our problems just got bigger . that moon is headed right for us .	we have a problem more , the moon is heading straight for us .
do you realize that i may have my general 's star before the week 's out ?	do you realise that by the end of the week , i could get a generic star ?
and then ... they were never heard from again .	and after that ... no one has ever heard of them .
god of my fathers .	my father 's god !
whilst it is unlikely that cost differences will disappear entirely , the gap has been constantly narrowing .	although these differences are unlikely to disappear completely , they are constantly shrinking .
the smoke will kill us anyway !	never mind , the smoke would have killed us .
how would i go back to being president ?	how can i return to the presidency then ?
these are ... oh , geez .	they 're ... jesus .
could be any of our competitors .	maybe someone in our competition .
you have a wife and daughter , do n't you ?	think of your wife and daughter !
2 adverse reactions from spontaneous reporting .	2 undesirable effects obtained with spontaneous reports .
short time to live .	we have a short life .
hit his reflex nerve 2 inches behind the eyeball	he hits the reflective nerve five centimeters behind his eye .
i love `` bring your hot girlfriend to work '' day .	i love when a beautiful girlfriend comes up on the job day .
i say , that is n't ...	i 'm saying it 's not ...
'i actually liked gus at first sight . '	'gus sort of liked me at first glance .
the injuries from an i.e.d . look a lot like those from an air strike .	the injuries from the bombing will be similar to that of an air attack .
i can play their waiting game .	i 'm gon na keep playing the game .
alternatively , mutual schemes and dgs could be set up separately .	the second possibility is that mutual systems and deposit-insurance schemes will work separately .
the five consecutive non-monotonic results must remain within the tolerance of 0,6 m/s 2 of their mean fully developed deceleration .	five consecutive non-monotonous results shall not differ from the full median slowing by more than 0.6 m / s 2 .
`` to my way of thinking it is , '' brim replied .	`` i think that 's what it takes , '' brim answered .
what do you protect me for ?	how much are you protecting me ?
prague prague environs southern bohemia šumava plzeň region west-bohemian spas northwest bohemia northern bohemia bohemian paradise eastern bohemia czech-moravian highlands southern moravia central moravia northern moravia and silesia giant mountains	praha okolí prague south čechy šumava plzeňský český český český český český
if i was a special forces soldier taking dubious-quality ammunition from whatever ragtag bunch of partisans i was hanging with , i 'd use a steyr .	i would have chosen a steyr if i were a soldier of a special unit and obtained dubious ammunition from the wild hordes of friendly guerrillas .
but this is important .	but it 's very important !
no ! he is not going to miss school !	he would have missed the school !
2012 czech republic methanol poisonings	metanola affair in the czech republic
you got ta get over that .	you 're gon na have to get through this .
sorry to bother you , sir .	excuse me for interrupting , professor .
& assignments keeping outline structure	& assign with compliance structure
wan na bet on that ?	you want to bet ?
i wo n't leave them here .	no , i 'm not leaving you here .
m a14b nu nu swe wife of lt-gen ohn myint f a14c kyaw thiha a.k.a .	ohn myinta f a14c of kyaw thiha , also known as kyaw thura 's son of genpor .
i 'm not trained for that .	i have no training for this .
ancient scientists used it to study animal life . we should check it out !	the animal scientists studied the animals ' lives there . we should look there .
this was just gossip .	it 's just a rumor .
an ocean whose parallel winding shores form an immense perimeter fed by the world 's greatest rivers : the st .	the ocean , whose parallel crustaceans hugs the huge space and are being worn by the largest rivers in the world , such as the river st .
computer : expenditures are 1000 and rising .	spending is 1,000 and growing .
i think theyjust burn rubbish there sometimes .	i think they 're burning garbage occasionally .
|| 2 180 431,53 total estimated costs	| | 2 180 431.53 total cost estimate
# and i must face that deadly killer	and i have to meet a murderous killer
predicting people 's behavior .	i predicted the behavior of humans .
unless i can drink that , it holds no worth to me .	if i ca n't drink it , it 's not worth it .
this is kind of gloomy .	it 's a bit bleak .
she recovers easily now .	now it 's easy to recover .
that the other kids were n't sick ?	that the others are not sick .
she is the kidnapper .	she 's a kidnapper , right ?
you do look completely ravishing .	you 're absolutely charming .
`` you know nothing , don ’ t you , you don ’ t know nothing… ''	`` you do n't really know anything , you do n't know anything ... ''
an airplane would be turning around , but you can ’ t do that in vacuum . ”	the plane in the atmosphere would turn , but it could n't be done in a vacuum. ``
hey , just leave that motherfucker ...	that son of a bitch just ...
modify the dilution if necessary .	adjust dilution as required .
so what 's he got to apologise for ?	why does he want to apologize ?
in 2004 it transported 1 772 552 passengers over 3 427 million passenger kilometres .	in 2004 , 1,772 552 passengers carried a distance of 3,427 million personal kilometres .
the company cost instruction is subject to regular updates .	business guidance on costs is regularly updated .
oh , these are just tranquilizers .	it 's just sedatives .
like the frightened baby chipmunk you are scared by anything that is different .	like a scared little squirrel , you 're terrified of everything else .
who 's out there ?	who the hell is that ?
and what attorney in south florida will go up against the van ryans ?	what 's a florida lawyer gon na do about van ryan ?
wow , who does that ?	who 's doing this ?
this is going to kill him .	it 's gon na kill him !
meteorologist ken johnson will have the latest ... ... on tropical storm emily when we return .	meteorologist ted johnson with recent reports of a tropical storm ... we 'll be back in a moment .
trying to smother you ... . ”	it tried to suffocate you ... ``
a monster created from cadavers out of rifled graves .	a creature made of corpses dug out of graves ?
these are our prisoners .	he 's our prisoner .
the regional capital l ’ aquila , was particularly hard hit , worst of all its historical centre which remains completely inaccessible .	the main city of l'aquila region has been affected separately by its historic centre , which continues to be completely inaccessible .
the next stationer officer who went out with the patrols was looking to get his throat cut .	another standoff officer , who came out with a patrol on his rounds , nearly cut his throat .
that 's how it always looks .	this is what he always looks like .
next was charles 's turn .	then charles came on .
not bye-bye , it 's beg-beg , not bye-bye !	not goodbye , please .
perhaps everyone does .	maybe they all have .
the terrible yellow grass was melting toward an almost mellow orange .	the long shadows were nearly visibly lengthening , and the sickly yellow of the grass changed in a ripe orange .
agitation or disturbance of mind ... ... vehement or excited mental state . ''	mental restlessness or unease ; a distinctly aroused mental state .
extensive consultations should be held with industry representatives .	there is a need for a wide consultation with representatives of these sectors .
the way i hear it , the sergeant spot is going to be between you and me .	like i heard , the sergeant 's place will be yours or mine .
`` and if another vornskr finds us before the imperials do , '' luke cut her off quietly , `` you 'll never get it reloaded fast enough . ''	`` and if a vornsker is found before the imperium , '' luke interrupted peacefully , `` you wo n't be able to pick it up quickly . ''
i thought this place was about helping us .	i thought they were supposed to help us .
i have my drummer that i pay weekly to play drums .	i have a drummer who pays by playing every week .
the loan rates offered to pi/bancoposta are selective .	the interest rate of the loans offered by pi / bancoposta is selective .
checking to see whether your server has an internal usb port	check that the server is using a usb port
every known human culture has used some kind of- ''	all the human cultures we know have used some ... ``
additional information about celebration events is available at www.kozel.cz and on our facebook page , www.facebook.com/kozelcz .	for more information about the events associated with the anniversary of the brewery , visit www.facebook.com or facebook page at www.facebook.com / kozelcz .
the daddy 's girl ?	your father 's little brat ?
just ... promise me we 're not going to mess this kid up .	just promise me we wo n't let the baby out .
setup of allowed production update combinations .	setup enabled combination update combination
all right , honey .	it 's okay , baby .
his notebooks with his writing ? ... that tells you how to deal withyour dead son 's possessions ?	the books he wrote ? ... did they tell you what to do with your dead son ?
wow ! with permanent ink too !	and in eternal ink !
just the bones are left .	only bones will be .
community admission legislation should include migrants ' rights .	european legislation must contain the rights of immigrants .
laughter , when thesmile has an orgasm ?	laughter is actually an orgasm of a smile .
he felt rather than saw the devourers awaiting him when he fell .	he felt more than he had seen his sufferers wait until he fell .
someone had got there before us .	someone 's in front of us .
my favorite meal to this day remains a hamburger and french fries .	my favourite food stayed until today with a burger with fries .
oh ! i 'll tell them downstairs to simply telegraph christopher ,	i 'll tell those downstairs so they can just wire christopher :
i slid across the seat and put the truck back in drive .	i slipped behind the wheel and drove the car again .
by washing clothes ... shopping your sister must study .	laundry , just washing up , shopping for a tory nurse study .
that 's fantastic news .	this is amazing news !
legal representation during judicial recovery of debts representation in court litigations drawing up legal actions drawing up applications for winding up	legal representation at trial claims set-up in lawsuits write down lawsuits petition for liquidation
have n't you noticed something strange ?	did you notice anything weird ?
we 're over the weight limit .	this is over the mass limit !
what terminal application to use	which terminal should be used
this is your only warning .	that 's the last warning .
someone 's hurt .	one man is injured .
there are four 9 millimetres in the case ...	there 's four nine millimeters in that case .
who 's that big man there ? who 's that ?	who 's the bald guy , who is he ?
are you gon na sign this buddy ?	will you sign it , boy ?
now , young guys settle the problems .	young boys can handle problems today .
sure , austin-from- ten-minutes-from-now .	of course , austin-za- 10minutes-by-now .
later on , she 'll expect more endurance .	he will expect more stamina later from him .
i am so fond of you that i could not stay away from you for more than a week .	i 'm so in love with you , i ca n't stand a week without you .
i 'm just saying how it is !	i say how things are .
that 's only us $ 100 fair enough !	that 's $ 100 u.s. , that 's reasonable .
ooh , babe yo u 'll always be baby to me	oh , darling , for me you will always be a child
jim west does not wear costumes .	they do n't wear a west suit .
i need a change of atmosphere .	i have to change the environment .
how does tomorrow 10 o'clock sound ?	so what do you think about tomorrow morning at 10 ?
tyler switched drinks -- thought it 'd be funny to watch him get drunk .	tyler gave him booze for fun .
`` it 's amazing .	`` this is fantastic .
for such positions , the best indications available include prices of any relevant valuation techniques .	these positions are among the best available data pricing resulting from relevant valuation methods .
afterwards she excused herself by saying she was overcome by laughter .	after the show , she apologised to say she had overcome her laughter .
but i 've continued to wash down there .	but i 'm still washing downstairs .
twines within a mesh that are broken or have been repaired shall not be selected .	the fibres from the ok , which are broken or repaired , are not selected .
frankie , you 've got ta be kidding me .	frankie , is that a joke ?
`` trapped behind the closet door .	i 'm trapped in a closet ...
lazy little shit .	you lazy son of a bitch !
la comisión adoptará iniciativas en este ámbito para sensibilizar sobre esta cuestión a los estados miembros que participan en el programa .	kommissionen tager initiativer pa dette til at informere de medlemsstater , der deltager i programmet , om dette sburgsml .
there are n't any ends .	there is no end .
compoundmaterial anthropogenicconsolidatedmaterial anthropogenic consolidated material consolidated material known to have artificial ( human-related ) origin . anthropogenicmaterial anthropogenicunconsolidatedmaterial anthropogenic unconsolidated material unconsolidated material known to have artificial ( human-related )	compoundmaterial anthropogenic consolidated material the material which is known to be anthropogenic ( established as a result of a person 's activity ) .
rocky ... ... tell miyo 's mother how good this is .	rocky , tell mama miya it 's okay .
i moved it into the freezer at the wienerlicious .	i transferred him to a freezer in wienerlicious .
eunavfor ’ s archives and documents shall be inviolable at any time , wherever they may be .	archives and eunavfor documents are always untouchable , regardless of their location .
to be your weapon against whoever cause that bus to go off the road .	being your gun against the one who caused the bus accident when he got out of the way .
hawat could hear teeth chattering behind him among the few troopers remaining in his force .	hawat heard some of the rest of his troops snapping their teeth .
i know this is hard for you to understand ... ... but we are actually seeing each other .	i know it 's a difficult thing to understand , but we 're dating .
goan live in ivy-glass . ''	he 'll be living in a ivy-covered glass. ``
pharmaceutical rep recertification exam .	a pharmaceutical prestige reattrial test .
i 'm ... not asking .	i did n't ask .
they 're not seeing the big picture .	you ca n't see the overall picture .
marie simply left it on , no explanation sought , none offered .	marie simply did not hesitate - without any further explanation .
all we wish is their names and then you can go free , back to vakk ''	tell us their names , and then you will be free and you will be allowed to return to vakka. ``
and another shot would do moya considerable harm .	another hit will cause moye serious damage .
by telling your mommy ?	are you going to tell mommy ?
our suspect was injured .	the suspect is wounded .
shells started exploding all around the german position .	artillery shells began to explode all over the germans .
chang seemed just a bit nonplussed , but more than that he seemed deeply satisfied , suffused by a newly generous spirit .	it seemed that chang was only a little embarrassed , but he seemed to be a very happy one , filled with fresh magnanimity .
no cheating , come on .	just do n't cheat .
because it 's an election year .	this year , there will be elections .
only admin users are allowed to modify settings	only administrators can customize settings
she has done brilliant well with me .	she 's doing great for me .
doing what ? - defending professional criminals .	to defend a professional criminal .
it was probably just some stupid prank .	i guess it 's a stupid joke , you know kids .
he could hear , very faintly , the quacking , anxious voice of denise polhurst .	denisy polhurst 's troubled voice came to him faintly .
a couple of friends .	yeah , just for my friends .
celebrations overflowed the streets of zimia .	zimia street was flooded with festivities .
`` do n't suppose you 've seen my dog about ? '' he asked ivor .	'you probably did n't see my dog , did you ? 'he asked ivory .
it 's not an organised terror cell or international kidnappers with ransom demands .	it 's not a terrorist unit , not a group of hijackers with a ransom demand .
wi ’ out the right sort of wife english social life will be impossible .	without a proper wife , you simply can not lead the proper english social life .
further , examples of excessive administrative burden and payment delays were identified .	there have also been cases of excessive administrative burdens and delays in payments .
there ai n't a soul alive on this miserable planet that do n't know how to break this shit up , pound it into powder	there 's no living soul in this unhappy world who could n't fuck someone up and turn it into dust .
yet again we arrive to witness this monster 's aftermath .	once again we witness the cruelty of those monsters .
these boys want to drag me to have a look at the sugarcane fields !	the boys want me to go check on their field with sugar cane .
have i told you that lately ?	did i tell you last time ?
all the more reason that his whole family should be exterminated . what ?	just another reason to eliminate his entire family .
she went from that to this , in under 3 weeks ?	within three weeks , is this what happened to her ?
the kid 's just leaving tracks .	only a kid leaves a trail .
far from being jealous , lo had loved his young brother more than anything in the world .	he loved his younger brother above all else in the world and was not jealous of him at all .
just better make sure that jew lawyer of yours earns his money , a'ight ?	so your jew lawyer deserves the money , do you understand ?
she 's quoting page one .	he cites the first page .
i get these two pricks watching me night and day .	with the two motherfuckers that guard me on the day of the night .
the honour is on me .	honor 's on my side .
nothing annoying comes to mind .	i do n't remember anything annoying .
anyone who thinks i 'm good .	everyone who 's got me good .
he had been up by the duty desk , watching dean and harry play cribbage .	he was at the service desk and looked at dean and harry as they maul schnapps .
you never got over seeing your parents killed .	you 've never seen his parents kill himself .
hey , gim me that .	give it to me .
god save our gracious king	lord , protect our noble king
hell is a big place ; i could search it* by myself throughout eternity and i might not find marga .	hell is very big ; i could look for my own forever , and i would n't have to find mark .
well , let 's take a vote .	we 're going to vote .
`` thou canst not ! ' azash shrieked .	'you ca n't ! 'azash howled .
wan na see a picture ? - yep .	do you want to see the photo ?
you rather have this conversation on a cell ?	would you rather discuss your phone ?
not the committee , not the government - nobody	no committees , no government - no one
here it is !	oh , there you are !
ah , but our foes learn about us much faster .	oh , but our enemies are going to get to know us more quickly .
well , just relax .	take it easy .
what kindof trouble are you in ?	what is your problem ?
no need for ropes .	we do n't need rope .
if i did n't have such a sweet tooth ...	if you had n't had these nice teeth ...
where the matter is urgent , consultation shall take place without delay .	in an emergency case , consultations shall be carried out immediately .
and i think you two dudes are gon na become real homeys .	i 'm sure you two will be friends .
what piece of property 's worthless ?	which part of the estate is worthless ?
people here actually smoke these ? ''	do people really smoke this ? ``
think about this : are you really suitable to remain among us , in the house of our lord ?	think of this ... do you think you can stay ... ... with us at our lord 's house ?
i am very hot ...	i 'm so hot .
we seem to be pretty good at that .	seems like we 're very good at it .
i 'll deal with this personally .	i 'll take care of it myself .
word can not find the designated menu .	unable to find a specified menu .
get away from the truck .	step out of the car .
to the northwest , dirty dishes !	north west , dirty dishes , how does he do it ?
we ca n't be .	it 's not possible .
his subordinates do hurry when they ’ re asked . ”	his subordinates are always in a hurry to call them. ``
it 'll just bring it down worse on all of us .	it 's only going to get worse .
she has the visas of some three dozen countries laminated onto her chest .	on his chest , he wears a laminate visa for a good three dozen countries .
this is n't the campaign i wanted to run .	i did n't want that kind of campaign .
happy and jealous !	joy and envy .
doctors are n't suppose to treat patients that way	this is not how doctors treat their patients .
any information you transmit over the internet is encrypted for your security .	all data transmitted by internet will be encrypted for security reasons .
yeah it 's you !	yes , you are !
it 's two days past my due date .	i have two days after the deadline .
it worries me , you being out here alone .	i 'm worried about being alone .
you have the six varieties here .	there 's six different types .
baby kub ? - ... baby kub for his birthday .	bonus to kub 's birthday boy ?
jhdja3jkhdhmado/ertwtjlw+jgj328 5jhalsfnhkhhhfafohhdfgaf/fj37we ohi93450s9djfd2h/hhrtyfhlf89303 95jspjf2j0890ihj98yhfi080ewrt03 jojr845h0roq+jt0eu4tqefqe//oujw 08uy0ih0934jtpwfiajer09qu4jr9gu ivjp $ duw4h95pe8rtugvjw3p4e/ikkc mffuerhfgv0q394ikjrmg+unhvs9oer irk/0956y7u0poikiojp9f8760qwerqi eventually one of them explained what becker had already surmised .	jhdja3jkhdhmado / ertwtjlw + jgj328 5jhalsfnhhhhalsfnhhhhalsfnhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalsfnhhhalsfnhhhhhhhhhhalhhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhhalhhhh
somebody is dead .	someone 's already died .
they are generally paid by the company operating the industrial site together with a rail freight operator contracting business with the company .	it is normally borne by an undertaking operating an industrial area and a railway freight operator which deals with that undertaking .
the remuneration is payable each subsequent year .	the remuneration must be paid annually .
l can not see ... ... where the pathway leads .	i do n't see where that path leads .
do n't trust the pineapple ?	i 'm not supposed to believe a pineapple ?
will you please just let me complain ? !	would you mind if i just complained ? !
he pulled it out his ass .	you pull him out of your ass .
she started writing poems as a young girl .	he has written poems since his youth .
the sensors are not reading his location .	sensors ca n't pinpoint its location .
get support for security-related issues	support to solve security-related problems
then i 'm staying .	i 'll stay with you .
ln the beginning , she never spoke to anyone .	she did n't talk to anyone at first .
young adults . now go , shower up .	adolescent youth ; go now , take a shower
you ought to be punished .	i should punish you .
and you could drown rather easily inside a big sphere of water , if you panicked . '	and you could easily drown in the middle of an enormous ball of water when you panic. ``
she should observe very carefully ... how he no longer could move	she should watch very closely how she is n't moving .
i can pay no greater tithe . ''	i ca n't pay for a larger tenth. ``
she started at his touch , lifted her tearstreaked face to stare at him fearfully .	she jerked violently , turning the startled face toward him .
it 's winner take all !	the winners take everything .
i 'm not fighting with you about this anymore .	i do n't want to fight anymore .
'decent as fair , ' he said , then cautiously lifted an arm and pointed at her brow .	`` modified as usual , '' he carefully raised his arm and pointed to her forehead .
maybe somebody she knew knew somebody out here .	maybe someone who knew someone who knew her .
-- % s takes no arguments	... % s must be specified without argument
the stubborn man does n't let me take part .	a stubborn man will not allow me to attend .
they sent a note from school .	they wrote us out of school .
getting chewedby an angry mob of lesbians who stick eggs up people 's butts ?	to be swallowed by a frenzied mob of lesbians stuffing people 's butt eggs ?
it 's not so bad from up here .	it does n't look so bad out there .
he could not bear to draw it and hoped his hands did not happen to find it in the basin .	he could n't bear to take it out , hoping his hands would n't show him .
there were floods .	it caused flooding .
and it had shielded her psychically from all but the most powerful personalities .	and he groped her psychologically in front of everyone but the strongest personalities .
hey , rick still got that piranha thing ?	does rick still have the piranhas ?
thanks . my mom let me borrow it .	i borrowed it from my mother .
once -- maybe it was later -- you even broke a high heel .	one day ... that must have been later ... you even broke the heel .
that the highest return on investment	that investments with greatest return
as they stood pointing and speaking to one another thorin hailed them :	while they stood , pointing and talking among themselves , thorin addressed them .
how large are your ranches ?	how big ranche do you have ?
brian morris was a lock to win it all .	brian morris should have won everything .
the capital may be formed only of assets capable of economic assessment .	capital can only consist of a property whose economic value is detectable .
i ai n't joking with you , preacher .	i 'm not kidding , monk .
was n't i supposed to stop this happening ?	should n't i have stopped it ?
`` this is no illusion !	`` it 's not a mirage ... !
on the tv . treating his scarf like some kind of prop .	on television , you wore his scarf as a prop .
it went from four to hundreds to over 3,000 .	it started on four and ended in three thousand .
`` they may adopt other sentiments ! '' said harding , `` and perhaps repent . ''	`` maybe their feelings have changed so far , '' cyrus harding said .
this is my team .	it 's my crew .
american cancer loved the letter and they 're gon na love you .	the cancer society liked the letter , and you will like them too .
is it one of ours ?	is that someone from us ?
what about superior pulmonary vein exposure ?	what 's going on over the upper lung vein ?
that 's obviously not possible .	this is , of course , impossible .
your darling brother , and future king ! the only wife he appears interested in is invariably the wife of another !	the women you care about your beloved brother and future king are exclusively women of other men .
they 're making me feel like a different person .	he 's trying to make me a different personality .
he ai n't gon na see five .	it 's not going to be 5 .
the refrigerator was de­voted to cottage cheese and deli fruit salad .	she had a curry and fruit salad in the fridge .
respiratory distress could be asthma .	breathing difficulties can cause asthma .
look at me ! now tell me my goddamn thoughts !	then tell me what the hell i think !
any proof they were trying to bug the democratic chairman ?	is it evidence they wanted to eavesdrop on the democrat chairman ?
you told us he was your husband .	she said you were her husband .
you really are nuts .	you 're really crazy !
and jimmy is no help .	jimmy 's not helping me .
on-line information and data base retrieval k .	search information on online and searches in databases .
perhaps we should discuss this privately .	maybe we should talk about this in private ?
i am back ! take again my post as mayor .	i 'm back and i 'm going back to my mayor 's office .
he wo n't hurt anybody again .	he 's not gon na hurt anyone .
her teeth were removed , postmortem , most likely with pliers , preventing comparison of dental records .	they took her teeth , postmortem , presumably pliers to prevent us from comparing medical records .
might be cholera in camp .	maybe we have cholera at the campsite .
the dinos eat 'em whole .	dinosaurs eat them all .
never gon na happen for me .	that is never going to happen .
he does n't mean anything for me .	it means nothing to me .
`` we 've got more ships out here than anyone else , despite our losses .	`` there are many more ships flying over all the losses than everyone else .
at the abortion clinics .	you 're in an abortion clinic , zero-two .
this is my best friends engagements .	it 's my best friend 's engagement .
once again , she questioned her own motives for coming along .	once again she wondered what had led her to step down .
it 's so boring .	i 'm so bored .
it seemed an assembly of gluttons , except that every sip or every morsel was accompanied by devotional readings .	it was a real feast of swells , if every mouthful and mouthful were not accompanied by pious reading .
that is , everybody except our district attorney whose best pal , blackie gallagher , happened to be the killer .	everyone except our lawyer who 's a friend of blackie gallagher 's killer .
our comrades were arrested .	our friends got caught .
the marching golems had forced the bank ’ s troubles onto page five .	marching golems have pushed the bank 's problems down to the fifth .
a sword by itself rules nothing .	the sword alone can do nothing .
tomorrow , we 'll get serious .	we 're taking it seriously from tomorrow .
that gentleman barely warrants the name .	the gentleman hardly deserves the designation .
that should have been relatively easy for baroni to find .	baroni could find out fairly easily ;
sleep was a kind of private thing , and it was n't right to pry when somebody was completely unaware .	sleep is something private and is not right to enjoy something at the expense of a man who has no idea about it .
i 'm not getting a dress .	i do n't want the dress anyway .
rangers have been here lately .	there were rangers recently .
version mismatch with driver manager	driver controller has a different version .
`` it is not the time !	`` there 's still no time !
holger spread his saddle blanket to sleep in , while alianora went off saying she 'd rather house in a tree .	holger unfolded his saddle blanket on his sleep while alianora flew away with words that he preferred to stay on the tree .
we had a message saying it passed through three weeks ago . ”	we got a report that she passed through this jump point three weeks ago. ``
we can not kill one of their heroes .	we ca n't kill him a hero .
let 's get going . the journalists are expecting us in ten minutes .	well , let 's go , we 'll be waiting in 10 minutes .
are you inciting me to mutiny ?	you 're giving me a riot ?
six on six , nobody sitting out of this challenge .	six to six , no one 's gon na sit .
we 've only three weeks to the next american launch .	in just three weeks , the americans will release the others .
this is criminal .	it 's a crime .
i think in that instant i hovered upon the verge of insanity .	i realise that in that moment i was nearly an approach to madness .
is that hurting ?	does it hurt ?
without the scene , there 's no film .	we do n't have a movie without a movie .
do n't change anything .	nothing 's going to change .
you got the phd .	you have a doctorate .
whose planes ? what airline ?	who owned the plane ?
his boat has been demolished .	his ship was destroyed .
he had reached a point where anything strange , unfamiliar , was cause for fear .	he got to a point where everything is a strange and unknown source of fear .
we may as well pick up the church soldiers as well .	we can also bring in the church 's troops .
that guy is so annoying .	he 's so unpleasant .
i 'll notify the director . check the front .	i 'm going to inform the manager .
rotenone united kingdom apple , pear , peach , cherry , ornamentals and potato .	rotenon uk apple , pears , peaches , cherries , ornamental plants and potatoes .
some routine candy tree trimming .	a routine cutting off the sugar trees .
dr. king 's philosophy ultimately got him murdered .	dr. king was killed because of his philosophy .
restrict venues to a specific country	limit the venue for a given country
`` it 's kind of complicated .	`` that 's a little difficult .
the news are themselves products being sold .	the news alone is a product that sells .
no followers of jesus !	jesus disciples do n't !
patient 49. came recently with a very tragic story ... after losing everything that has ever loved .	we recently came to a tragic story , loss of everything and everyone who loved his life .
i have not seen that movie .	i did n't see the movie .
your lmperial highness ... the new tutor	your imperial majesty , the new teacher .
another perp overheard him ordering a hit on the amigo who got him locked up .	another detainee heard him ordering the murder of some guy who put him behind bars .
second , major policy gaps remain to be addressed .	secondly , there are still large gaps in policy .
the fog of war , and all that .	a war mist and so on .
this here is a $ 1000 marvel of western technology .	it 's a miracle of western technology for a thousand dollars .
yeah , no daddy coming foryou !	so , no dad will come for you !
a mess screen will come into contact	there will be a dirty screen in touch
they placed an alien organ in your body . a pig 's heart transplant .	you have been implanted by a foreign body , a heart of a pig .
obi-wan . is anakin all right ?	obi wan ? is anakin okay ?
`` i would rather he had broken my shoulder ! ''	'i 'd rather have my shoulder smashed ! '
it 's his daddy 's fault .	his father was responsible .
we saw his glory ... the glory which he received as the father 's only son .	we have seen his fame , the glory he has from the father of the one-born syn ,
about us service for customers storage truck fleet contacts	about society services customer services slaying vehicle park contacts
and then he fell crashingly in love with a female nightclub singer who passed herself off as japanese and sang word-for-word imitations of edith piaf records .	and then he totally went crazy in one bar singer , who was posing as japanese and literally copied edity piaf 's songs .
follow the fire stones !	watch out for the rocks of fire .
you may get the chance to meet one in the flesh real soon .	you 'll have an opportunity to meet him in person really soon .
furthermore , guidelines specific to advanced therapy medicinal products should be drawn up , so as to properly reflect the particular nature of their manufacturing process .	in addition , there is a need to create specific guidelines for modern therapies , which would properly reflect the relevant character of their production process .
that 's not going to hold till tomorrow .	it wo n't last until tomorrow .
the girls are making an insane comeback .	the girls were led by a crazy return to the game .
everybody getting in some air today .	everyone would be out for a bit of air today .
he is like a second son for us .	he 's like our other son !
it has ability to survive .	he has this skill of survival .
perhaps you never should have been born .	maybe you do n't want to be born .
in the silence was a faint , silken rasping .	and into that silence there was a soft and scuffed rustle of silk .
raistlin said it had been treated with some sort of oil .	raistlin claimed the cloth was filled with a kind of particular oil .
this truly is a joyful time .	it 's a really cheerful time .
i got a key for everything .	i have the keys to everything .
i 'm told he has been refused it .	they told me he was rejecting him .
we must save tyoma !	we have to save him .
he 's badly wounded .	the boy is seriously injured .
mmm-hmm . your lungs rupture from gas expansion , and all the liquid in your body evaporates .	his lungs would burst because of his gas expansion ... ... and all body fluids would evaporate .
why should one single innocent person die , jew or non-jew ?	why is the only innocent man to die ?
you may not think so later .	then maybe you wo n't think .
latest modification by :	the last time he changed :
so without repeated symbols , language is not possible .	the language ca n't exist without repeating characters .
but how can that be explained ?	but how do i explain it ?
did they get scared ?	were they afraid of you ?
the hostel praguecenter is one of the welcome hostels in prague .	welcome hostel ( guesthouse ) praguecenter praha , äśeskăň republic
they seemed to think that merely being handsome was enough to woo a girl .	apparently they thought it was good enough to look and the girl would be kidnapped .
i suppose it is .	i guess he does .
no , there were supposed to be two packages .	no , it should have been two packs .
ma still grieves , remembering the apple trees .	mom keeps nagging , remembers the apple tree .
the something else felt like it might be a photograph .	it seemed to her that the next thing could be some kind of photo .
`` that raider wench nearly put my eye out ! '' he snarled .	`` the robber almost gave me an eye ! '' he growled .
this is still cynesga , cyrgon 's place .	here we are still in cynesz - it 's cyrgon 's territory .
days go passing into years	the days will change in years .
for a second there i could see it all -- i do something right , then get wasted by a good guy . ''	i 've just realized everything for a second - i 'm doing something quite right , and a good guy can ruin everything. ``
he halted all of japans ' imports of american petroleum .	he stopped all the sale of u.s. oil to japan .
melissa ... the whole thing .	with melissa , everything .
guys ! this is so luke skywalker !	guys , it 's luke skywalker .
what are you doing , opening this club ?	so , you gon na open the club ?
no doubt she deserves such punishment .	they certainly deserve such a punishment .
can the boy be then , an it spies ?	so the kid could really be a spy ?
but maybe only 1 0 minutes .	maybe an hour , maybe ten minutes .
trns bardiche vanished into the whirlpool of gravitic stress like a fiery dart , followed by bayonet , and then it was longbow 's turn .	in the whirlwind slam as a fiery dart disappeared , trns berdych , behind her bajonet , and a row were on luke .
you have been ill , very ill .	you were sick , really sick .
you andyour fake id !	it 's a fake id .
`` and here 's me with this apology for a bridge .	`` i 'd like to apologize for the bridge .
you 've got an imaginary girl ?	you have a fictional girl .
some sexual attraction from all the males .	there was sexual interest in all men .
'so what 's been happening ? '	`` what 's going on ? ''
well if he was bisexual ... that makes him capable of sexual homicide of a woman .	well , if he 's bisexual , he could have killed a woman 's sexual murder .
she heard him stride off into the darkness .	she heard his footsteps disappearing in the dark .
ten years later , she still feels she made the right decision .	even after a decade , she is sure she has taken the right step .
it ought to be here ... but it is n't .	she should be ... here , but she 's not .
`` multiple choice , take your pick–nuovo brasilians , barrayarans , cetagandans , could be any of that crowd .	`` there are plenty of possibilities , choose - the people of nuovo brasilia , barrayar , cetaganda , any one of this pack .
distant rifle means somebody 's a great shooter , silenced rifle means somebody owns a bunch of exotic weapons . '	in a distance shot , someone would have to be an excellent marksman , with a silencer rifle pointing out that he must have a bunch of exotic weapons. ``
breathe , breathe in .	take a deep breath .
this ship took a lot of damage .	the ship is badly damaged .
nobody 's a mistake !	no one was born , by mistake !
did mr. kraler warn youyou wo n't get much to eat here ?	did mr. kral tell you there 's not enough food ?
so it 's going to take 5 numbers from here 10,000 times .	so he takes 5 values out of this division 10 000 times .
morgoth slew him , ere he fled from aman . ’	morgoth killed him before he escaped from amanda. ``
have you been smoking something ?	did you smoke anything ?
sorry i got you caught up in it .	i 'm sorry to drag you into this .
there was a moment of silence .	both were silent for a moment .
do they cook pizzas in it or something ?	are they baking pizza or what ?
`` was n't that supposed to work for the church , too ?	`` should n't it have been the church 's job ?
they have it in there .	they 've got him inside .
those missiles are coming from there .	the rockets are out of here .
a badly painted fresco adorned the walls , showing scenes of racing horses , wrestling bouts and gladiatorial duels .	the walls were decorated with a bad fresco with race horses , fighters , and gladiators ' battles .
no ! i 'm no longer ...	i 'm not anymore .
excuse me . sorry ...	i 'm sorry , i did n't mean to .
he talks about you often .	she mentions you frequently .
you made many excuses justifying your possession of said money .	you constantly make excuses to justify the ownership of the money .
the road 's likely to be watched .	the path will probably be supervised .
e-mail : mario.richieri regione.veneto.it lead official :	e-mail address : mario.volunteeri regione.venezuto.it ; responsible referent :
'i saw you wounded yesterday - in the belly and chest . '	'yesterday i noticed they hurt you - on your stomach and on your chest , '
would wage have him killed to make an example ?	does wage want to kill him to warn others ?
have you got a death wish ?	you want to die ?
when used in subcutaneous infusion pumps , treatment with insulin lispro has been shown to result in lower glycosylated haemoglobin levels compared to soluble insulin .	administration of insulin lispro by subcutaneous infusion pump causes lower levels of glycogen haemoglobin than the use of normal human insulin .
we found this on a kidnapper .	i found it with the kidnapper .
because these men have chosen the way of the animal .	because these people chose the animals ' lives .
if somebody else said that you 'd accept it totally .	if someone else told you , you would have accepted it .
does everyone love themselves ?	do you like each other ?
are you guys ... smoking something ?	do you smoke anything ?
we 're going hunting .	it 's going to hunt !
he 's probably the next judge !	maybe he 's a future judge .
murrat was just saying how lovely my clothes were .	murat just told me what wonderful my dress was .
i understand this truth .	i know it 's true .
it 's been quite a journey .	that was a trip .
your leadership can stir others considering their own capacities	your leadership may provoke others in light of their ability .
do you have the names of the intended parents ?	you got any names on your parents ' names ?
i will have watched each white hair arrive .	i 'll watch as one every white hair emerges .
i 'm passionate about free health service for all .	i have a passion for free healthcare for everyone .
'beer 'll be delivered towards evening , ' the woman replied .	`` beer will come by evening , '' said the woman .
 talk to your doctor before you take lamivudine teva .	do not stop taking lamivudine teva until your doctor is advised .
it sounds like a flavor in a gay ice cream parlor .	sounds like some kind of flavor in an ice-cream lounge for homosexuals .
its time for you to die .	the time has come for your death .
this writing thing ... you never forget how ?	you do n't forget writing , do you ?
i lost my mother when i was born , now i have nobody .	my mother died in childbirth , so i do n't have one .
many environmental challenges facing our society originate from urban areas but it is also these urban areas that bring together the commitment and innovation needed to resolve them .	many environmental issues are rooted in urban settlements , but it is cities where it meets the will to address these problems with necessary innovative ideas .
on the basis of power and money anything is possible .	everything can be done using money and power .
if supreme lady and you hadn ’ t warned me , i would have been very frightened . ”	if you did n't alert me to the supreme lady in time , i 'd be too scared. ``
what ? what 's that kimono ?	whose kimono is this ?
as regards road transport , the restructuring plans of large companies were examined .	when it comes to road traffic , plans to restructure large companies have been explored .
dad , this is way too --	dad , these are too much ...
no money , tiny , dirty place we called home .	without money , a small , filthy hole was a home .
it was n't till he came outside that i got a good look at him .	not until he came out , then i saw him well .
this list of devices is invalid .	the device list is not valid .
what would have happened if there was someone who could break us up every time i had my doubts about you ?	what would happen if there were always someone to help us with a breakup when i doubted you ?
we 're gon na look again .	let 's see again .
so we rented you a boat .	that 's why we chartered your ship .
i will not let that be so .	i wo n't let it happen .
children ’ s centre sunbeam hloubětín	children 's centre papres hloury strom malba on the wall
have no fear , sweet lady .	do n't be scared , lady .
my christmas gift to you ...	i 'll give you a christmas present .
probably in one of london 's outer suburbs .	maybe from a london suburb .
having children was good .	that having kids is beautiful .
unable to open spool folder	can not open queued folder
so i grabbed it and stuck my teeth into its brain .	i caught her and i bit her in the brain .
there 's no call to hide any longer .	we do n't have to hide anymore .
a great battle erupted .	an enormous battle ensued .
in honor of the great service you performed for us and the many injured soldiers who were helped ,	in honor of your great serving and your help in treating many wounded soldiers , i 'm proud to pass this
both of your souls will unite into a new being .	both souls will be joined together in the body of one of you .
she saw blood pumping out of her own stump .	he spotted his own stump oozing his blood .
the ones who were seated had been arlek 's followers ;	those who sat were arle 's supporters .
you watched that videotape .	you saw the tape .
why not ask the computer ? ”	why do n't you ask computers ? ``
cadprofi hvac & piping : plumbing objects – scheme	cadprofi tzb and pipeline : sanitary objects - scheme
looks like she 's got the mange .	she seems to have a wrinkle .
it was some type of an explosion that happened in midair above the ground at tunguska .	it was a wry blast that took place over tungustan 's high above ground .
i used to love to play restaurant .	i was playing at the restaurant .
makes a man wonder what he did with his summer wages .	one wonders where his summer earnings went .
we 're talking about over 100 million rmb .	there were over a hundred million yuan on the table .
or combing out their hair - combing out their hair	the hair is combing .
that´s one dedicated father , if you ask me .	i call that a devoted father .
she could not survive a trip to borrata . '	she would not survive the journey to borrata. ``
drink the visit to me last night .	last night , i was visited by an alcoholics .
may i speak to you for a moment ?	can we talk for a minute ?
well , you need to get your truck then , do n't you ?	you need a van for yourself , right ?
my mother would adore this .	mom would have liked that .
let me augment this determinant .	i 'll extend that determinant .
the poison has got into the marrow of his bones .	the poison came to a bone .
chiropractic has made lately ?	were you at the chiropractor lately ?
transparency , successful examples and best practices may lead to a positive convergence of governmental attitudes .	transparency , examples of success and best practices can work positively for successive governments `` approaches .
so what the fuck is it about ?	what the hell 's going on ?
comes in a bottle .	it 's in bottles .
it is almost entirely undefended .	he 's virtually unprotected .
this one 's yours too .	are these yours too ?
some people might not wan na have that bass ...	someone would n't want so many bass ...
well , all defence counsels know when a defendant 's guilty .	any lawyer would know if the defendant is guilty .
i am ready to make you an advance .	i 'm prepared to pay for your advance .
we'il ... act like we did n't see this , like nothing 's happened .	we could ... ... pretend we had n't seen anything like it did n't happen .
the dvd players and digital cameras are worth 1.2 million which brings the grand total to 6 million plus .	a dvd player and digital cameras for about a million nearly two cog total gives nearly $ 6 million .
and you two ... you guys are going to love this place . newlyweds .	and the two of you , i 'm sure you 'll love it .
she was taking the pictures .	she took a picture .
-- and increase his greens and grains .	- and ate more vegetables and cereals .
i got my den fixed up exactly like i want it ... wood paneling , deer head on the wall , flat screen tv .	i made my own lair , just like i always wanted ... a wooden floor , a deer head on a wall , a great lcd television .
hold still , damn it !	hang on , fuck !
the immutable heart of what we are that bleeds through ... whatever we might become .	our immeasurable heart bleeds , no matter what .
that sort of thing ought to come from a friend .	this type of news should come from friends .
this is no longer my problem .	it 's not my problem anymore .
i have no more need for them .	i wo n't be needing them anymore .
elena cast one look backward ; jesek did not .	elena was still looking back , not jesek .
he did it in much the same spirit that he had bought the two guns at harvey 's gun shop a month earlier .	he was basically just like a month ago in harvey 's arms trade in purchasing a rifle and a handgun .
i guess for three thousand bucks you do n't get a pair of shoes .	in three thousand dollars , you probably wo n't be able to get your shoes .
my responsibilities as a citizen do not include killing for it	my civic responsibility is not to kill for it .
heaven knows where we 'll end up .	heaven knows what will happen to us .
you felt something yourself ?	did you feel anything on your own ?
the dart gun i shot the bunnyman with !	i 'm gon na shoot down a rabbit-man rifle .
oh ... asha , please , not every story is about you .	asho , please do n't all revolve around you .
punishable by up to ten years in prison .	you 're being punished for ten years .
`` extending the boundaries beyond any boundary ,	`` we extended borders over all bounds ,
you yourself always say that - whether french or spanish , doctor or clerk ...	you say he does n't care if he 's a frenchman or a spaniard ... or a doctor or a clerk ...
every day the heads of new predators were hung from the train .	each day , a new predator was hanging on the train .
he 's looked at that clock 3 times in as many minutes . he 's waiting for something .	over the last few minutes ... ... he took a look at the clock three times .
i guess you and the olsen twins think this is kind of cute .	looks like you and , uh , olsen 's twins thought this was cuddly .
whose hair are you ripping out , then ?	who will you cut your hair off ?
you are getting paid a lot , sir and i can not do this by myself .	you 'll be paid very well , sir , and i ca n't do it alone .
just remember , do n't apologise or tell them how hard this is for you .	do n't be sorry , do n't apologize , and do n't say it 's hard for you .
uh , it 's really a medical issue .	but i have a medical problem .
herr rhinemann must not be kept waiting longer than the ...	herr rhine-mann must not wait any longer than a precaution. ``
i 'm only joking .	that was a joke .
you remember we 're meeting mr wavell at three ? pip 's corner .	did you forget to meet mr. wavell at three on pippa 's plate ?
it sounded to rodgers as if he were pressing hasan , and hasan answered testily .	it seemed to rodgers that mahmoud hasan was calling for something urgently ; he resented him .
please shut up , grace .	please be quiet !
i examined it cautiously .	i looked at her carefully .
hold on , i 'm through with all that .	so wait , i 've gone through everything .
christ . how come you did n't say anything ?	jesus , why did n't you tell us ?
have you killed people ?	did you kill anyone ?
like a chicken with his head cut off , lighting all your little friends on fire .	then you 're gon na fly around like a chicken without a head and you burn your friends .
get off at tarpon point .	go to tarpent point .
sorry i missed you .	sorry he did n't come .
it 's called `` confederate monster :	`` the monster of the confederacy :
only from movies !	not on film .
`` i do n't intend to find out .	`` i have no intention of finding out .
we 'll bury him in the cemetery ...	he was buried in a cemetery ...
him 's nervous because christmas is almost here .	he 's nervous , so it 's christmas .
his brother sat staring at the rock floor of the cave , his face grave .	his brother stared at the stones on the ground and looked extremely serious .
there was no mistake .	he could n't be mistaken .
by that time the cycle will have entered its last stages .	in the meantime , the cycle enters the final phase .
said duff , addressing mr. giles , with supreme contempt .	he told duff with the deepest disdain for mr giles ' address .
detainee 's ready for you .	the detainees are ready .
i have it sent from france from the vineyards ... that i inherited from my father .	he 's got him specially from france , where i inherited my father 's vineyard .
is n't that the note that you wrote	it 's not the message you wrote
frankly , this is all somewhat preposterous .	frankly , it 's quite absurd .
maybe my ... personal feelings towards barbara got tangled up in there .	i guess my feelings for barbara became entangled .
he was expected tomorrow .	we were expecting him tomorrow .
goto first game when loading matches or sessions .	in recording games and sessions going on the first game .
unable to open the gpo due to access denied .	the group policy object can not be opened for refusing access .
she gets in on friday , 3:00 .	he arrives friday at 3 .
'is the food being served ? '	`` is there food yet ? ''
seats have been assigned .	the seats were split .
i can not satisfy you there .	i ca n't please you here .
a completely different skill set	he has quite different skills
what do you mean , what coast ?	what kind of coastline ?
maybe dear joshua should have a glass as well .	perhaps a glass will also get an expensive joshua .
overhead were the black-and-white tv screens .	a black-and-white television screen was hanging on top .
temporary euphoria rises after somebody ceases medication .	temporary euphoria comes in when someone drops the medicine .
bin2dec functionconverting ; binary numbers , into decimal numbers	bin2decconverting ; double figures to decimal
could n't create service .	service can not be created .
guildsmen never seemed to mind loud noises .	the guild did not seem to mind the noise .
it can not animate a dead body , apparently .	apparently he ca n't revive the dead bodies .
nobody but the doctor .	no one , just a doctor .
why settle for five thousand when you could get ten times that , right ?	why sign up for 5,000 if you can have 10 times more , okay ?
you 'll be fine . you 'll be fine .	it 's going to be okay .
without the compulsory data gathering those who do not perform well do not have the incentive to report data .	without such mandatory data collection , there is no incentive for providers to report the data .
this place is huge .	it 's huge here .
do n't that motherfuckerowe me ten bucks ?	hey , does he owe me 10 bucks ?
no pulse , no respiration .	he was n't breathing without a pulse .
and given that i have 13 minutes to do this , this is going to go kind of quick .	i 've got 13 minutes , so i 'll take it fast .
you planning on feeding a school of orphans ?	you want to feed an orphan school ?
you dislike bath most heartily , as i recall .	i remember you do n't like bath very much .
“ the formation of a group which openly rejects any political character and all political affiliation between its members is not acceptable within the meaning of this rule . ”	`` according to this article , it is inadmissible to create a group that openly denies its political nature and any political affinity among its members . ''
he had never cared much for russian guns .	he was never very interested in russian weapons .
the majority of europeans fail to meet this target and the downward trend is particularly evident among the young .	most europeans do not reach this target , and the trend in declining consumption is clear among youth .
she laughed and touched her hair .	he laughs and adjusts his hair .
tell them to shoot it .	let him shoot him .
text without any formatting	text with no format
it can transform society .	he can change the company .
where had it all begun ?	when did it start ?
`` it 's no easy task being an ordinary parent to an extraordinary child .	being a regular parent to a non-regular child is a difficult task .
maser , or a microwave amplification through stimulated emission radiation .	maser or amplified microwaves during forced emissions of radiation .
not so great and terrible after all , huh ?	it 's not that big and bad after all .
he 's my late brother 's son ... and i 've been responsible for him ever since he was ten years old .	son of a deceased brother , i 've taken care of him since his decade .
she developed a real infatuation for my sister	she was really delirious with my sister .
michael made no response .	michael did not answer .
written by me as a fuckin ' novel .	which i wrote , like a fucking roman .
beside it , sacred and profane sleeps with its two heads tucked into its feathers , dreaming its no doubt bifurcated dreams .	beside her , sentier sleeps with rouhach , both heads tucked under the wing , and he undoubtedly seems to have a fractured dream .
it spreads radiation for several blocks .	a couple of blocks are spreading radiation .
you guys are stupid !	you 're an idiot .
oh it 's awesome .	that was amazing .
any 911 call at an officer 's home address is flagged	any calls to 911 from the cop 's house are marked ...
looks pretty solid .	it seems quite firm .
organization of operative services process of providing of operative services	operational services providing to provide operational services
i have no intention of hurting you .	i do n't want to hurt you .
( smacks lips ) motherfucker tastes black .	that fucker tastes like a black guy .
you go upstairs ... ... the corridor outside ferringo 's apartment .	you 're going up the hall before ferrig 's apartment .
all right , matey . try calm your nerves , all right ?	it 's okay , buddy . try to calm down , okay ?
now , i do n't touch a thing .	now i 'm not touching anything .
unless there was something that could n't be detected in her bloodstream .	if ... it 's not something that ca n't be found out of her blood .
what the eye does n't see ...	what do your eyes do not see ?
my partner 's a systems engineer .	and my colleague is an engineer .
wait . what was he doing driving a train ?	wait , why did he run the train ?
whole place stinks of fish , does n't it ?	smells like fish everywhere , huh ?
this city 's huge .	the city is big .
todd can not hang on .	todd could n't stand .
i ’ ll not leave you now . ’	i wo n't leave you here. ``
but no animals were hurt during it , just people , but they were already ill .	we did n't test it in animals , except for people who were already sick .
monika , please take grandma inside .	monica , be nice , get grandma .
the shoplifting or the eating disorder ?	a shop or a food disorder ?
have n't you ever learned this before ?	you 've never done that before ?
i mean it was kind of weird to see , but why do n't you guys both come for dinner ?	i mean , it was a little strange to see it , but i want you to go to dinner .
may i come with you to find lorenzo ?	can i go look for lorenzo ?
moreover , the cost of discounts given to major customers is borne by the applicant only to the extent that they exceed six per cent .	in addition , the applicant covers the price discounts granted to significant customers only in so far as they exceed 6 % .
allopurinol : interactions with allopurinol have been observed for 5-fu ; with possible decreased efficacy of 5-fu .	alopinol : 5-fu has experienced an alopininole interaction leading to a possible reduction of 5-fu efficacy .
dreams often do seem wonderfully vivid when you first wake up .	in the first place after waking up , a man 's dream is often incredibly vivid .
change the photo used to represent each event	changing the photo , which represents the event
in the absence of any co-operation from the swiss company , no export prices could be established for the transactions made by it .	since the swiss company did not cooperate , it was not possible to find out export prices for the operations it took .
let 's hope she 's forgotten !	hopefully she forgot .
i have abandoned my child .	i left my son !
we 've got the disrupter .	we have a disruptor .
all right , let 's get you packed .	okay , we 'll take what you 're packed .
the “ do nothing ” option means missing a window of opportunity to save lives with a straightforward and not overly expensive measure .	maintaining the `` status quo '' means missed an opportunity to save people 's lives with straightforward measures that are not excessively costly .
asayaga was suddenly at his side , grinning .	then a smiling asayaga stood beside him .
it 's perfectly all right .	everything is fine .
we 're gon na be all right here . - we 're gon na be all right .	everything will be fine .
now i was gon na wait and arrest you two with everyone else .	i only waited for you two to be arrested together with the others .
you okay ? can you run ?	are you all right ?
well , to the friendship .	then ... friendship !
česká republika janssen cilag s.r.o .	czech republic janssen-cilag s.r.o .
evacuating wo n't make any difference , sir .	the evacuation is not going to change anything , sir .
mmm , mermaid chic .	hmm ... like a mermaid .
shut up your doors .	close the gate !
but nobody took any interest in her - nobody inquired , nobody suspected it .	but no one was interested in her -- - no one was looking for anything , and no one suspected her .
that 'd be north . yeah .	this is going north .
and what 's up with the fuckin ' hats ?	what kind of fucking hats are they ?
you are a strange one , mister .	sir , you 're really weird .
you got another line of work you 're looking to get into ?	are you looking for a second job ?
i 'm not kissing no egg .	i do n't kiss eggs .
they 'll be drinking margaritas in mexico by the time you finish with your nap !	they 're going to drink mexican margaritas while you 're taking a nap !
but their developments had been along other lines .	but its progress was different .
watch that bus , watch that bus !	keep an eye on the bus !
ogeday khan is not fond of waiting .	ogeday khan does n't like the wait .
and tomorrow it would head for purdol and the gates of hell .	and tomorrow they will go to purmine and defend hell .
i get physically ill , i wan na throw up .	i want to be sick .
happy birthday to you happy birthday to you	duncan ! happy birthday ...
we probably should n't go too fancy .	maybe it should be too luxurious .
or nobody 's going .	or no one will .
a student learning to be a doctor ?	medical student , student .
a breeze had mustered itself , and escorted her through the town .	there was a faint breeze that accompanied her all the way through the city .
it 's mrs dubois-rollin	this is mrs. dubois-rollin .
not his fault i killed a guy .	he ca n't fault me for killing him .
we ask you for our lord jesus christ . amen .	in the name of jesus christ , amen .
that opportunity comes up surprisingly rarely .	the occasion is surprisingly infrequent .
sounds like you did .	looks like it happened .
therefore , the actual race began when doors to the ripernian shed slid open ; that small dominion had managed to finish dead last .	so the real race began at the moment when the door of the ripernian hangar opened ; this little world managed to end last .
an order withdrawing legal aid shall contain a statement of reasons and no appeal shall lie from it .	the resolution on the withdrawal of free legal aid contains justification and can not be appealed against him .
500 rubles for each that we deliver .	five hundred roubles for everyone .
once this had been a farm .	this is where the farm was .
the flight engineer pays out the cable and watches in alarm as the basket is blown straight back toward the tail rotors .	the flight tech will begin to unroll the rope and watch with apprehension as the wind blows it back to the rotors on its tail .
playfully , she kissed his cheek .	she gave him a playful kiss on the cheek .
she had some-thing horrendous in her canny equine mind !	she was preparing something dreadful in her cunning horse 's head !
we must go , quickly !	we have to hurry .
the victim 's concerns and fears in relation to proceedings should be a key factor in determining whether they need any particular measure .	in determining whether special measures are needed , the main factors should be the concern and fear of the victim in connection with the proceedings .
men die for the honor of wearing those .	people die to be honored to wear .
she 's danish , right ?	is he a danish ?
but at least there 's hope , eh , kris ?	but we 've got hope , have n't we , chris ?
this has resulted in some municipalities closing down schools and kindergartens .	as a result , some municipalities close schools and maternity schools .
someone will rescue us before we starve to death .	it 'll save us before we die of hunger or before we eat each other .
this is very dangerous !	you 're dangerous .
thank you . my wife is expecting me .	thanks , but my wife 's waiting .
arrest him , and send him back..	they arrested him and sent him back .
renewed shall be blade that was broken	when the blade is broken ...
home news ukončení akcí pro veřejnost v roudnici nad labem a bílině	home archives ústí - a living region industrial project accountable of actions for the public in roudnia nad labem and bílina
interested in playing with other children ?	does she like to play with kids ?
this may be achieved by utilizing simple standard workshop tools or common inspection equipment for vehicles .	this control must be able to be carried out using a simple standard watch tool or normal equipment for vehicle control .
this is n't how it looks .	it 's not what it looks like .
does n't she look scared ?	is he afraid ?
maybejesus was kind of a dick for a while .	maybe jesus was quite an asshole for some time .
`` a shareholder 's vote , '' he added prudently .	`` they will be voting by shareholders , '' he said .
why don ’ t we talk about something neutral , like sex or religion . ”	why not talk to a neutral , such as sex or religion. ``
do not measure their worth against common slaves .	do n't compare their value to ordinary slaves .
well , his dead .	but do n't ... he 's dead .
my staff is quite capable .	i have an able staff .
right , now , everybody happy ?	is everyone happy at the moment ?
one morning , when he returned , found her lying ... dead .	one morning she came back and ... she was lying there ... she was dead .
has barry seen this ?	did you show it to barry ?
this program was n't your devising .	you did n't invent the program .
cut that out , kid !	knock it off , young man !
miranda must have stayed at julia 's shelter .	miranda had to be in juliet 's asylum house .
i sure never did .	i certainly do n't .
i 'm not interested in wheat .	i do n't care about wheat .
quance smoothed the startling purple-embroidered waistcoat and put on his gold silk frock coat .	quance smoothed out his fancy , dark red embroidered vest and dressed in a gold silk suit .
that was the sort of thing a murderer would use .	such a thing would simply be used by an ordinary murderer .
watch this . yellow 's video .	yellow is for the video ...
which one of you assholes just stuck his finger in my asshole ?	who 's gon na shove a finger up my ass ?
i'ma tell you bra ... you let your man markham do that shit again in front of verone ... that 's gon na beat our ass .	i 'll tell you , bro , if markham 's doing this shit in front of verona , it 's gon na take our asses off .
can we hold at a pharmacy ?	can we stop by the drugstore ?
then say you'il share with me one love , one lifetime ...	and then tell me you 're going to be a stranger to me ... .. .shared love , a life together ... .
'you mean buster is a natural-born groundhog ? '	'you mean he 's a cvallier-born earthworm ! '
when she died ?	since her death ?
clearly , bean had come this way many times before .	it was clear that bean did not go this many times .
if you 'd be alright after she left .	if you were okay after it went away .
there are ten packages here .	you have 10 packages .
through slitted eyes , gurney saw that the bandaged stump of the man 's right arm was soaked with blood .	gurney 's narrowed eyes saw that his right hand was still a stump wrapped in a bloody bandage .
the speed with which the core temperature of the grapes is lowered is an indispensable condition for keeping them for several months .	a rapid decline in temperature at the root of a grape is a prerequisite for months of storage .
take this piece of shit away !	get that fucker out of here !
who will she choose ?	who does he want to pick ?
it 's a good time to dance .	this is the moment for the dance .
you 're living in some fantasy world ... where life 's a book and no one takes responsibility for writing .	you live in some invented world where life is a book and nobody wants to admit that he wrote it .
jump off that bus .	step out of the bus .
is n't tonight the night of the big date ?	you have a great date tonight ?
lv atkausēt sasalušās daļas ar remdenu ūdeni .	p376 language bg спрете теча , ако е безохсно .
he smiled back , a quiet smile , unassuming .	he returned her smile , calm and non-committal .
'now , do n't be silly , darling . '	`` stop being silly , baby . ''
how is getting yourself infected or killed gon na help her ?	it wo n't help her to be killed or infected .
it seem the two crime bosses are hell-bent on killing each other .	it seems like two bosses are determined to kill themselves .
you made my child cry .	my baby was crying .
i 'm not making this up .	i did n't make it up .
and a photo of hers . and a photo of your mother .	also her picture and picture of your mother ,
a girl was impaled by flying glass from a bathroom mirror . - let me drive .	one gymnast has punctured the glass that came out of the mirror in the bathroom .
out of all the people in the city ... why did i meet a man whose wife i killed ?	there 's so many people in town , and i 'm meeting the guy who killed my wife ?
gladstone 's a gambler . he 's gambling .	galdston is a player , gambling .
gained nothing , save a fumed brain from too much wine .	i could n't get anything except headache from a large quantity of wine .
fuck it . i 'll fuckin ' go !	i 'm fucking going !
archer : remember spacebot ?	do you remember spacebuck ?
are you briseis , the daughter of aristo ?	you 're not aisha 's daughter ?
devices without the device filename should not disappear anymore	device without the device name of the device should no longer be rediscovered
it will be remembered always .	we 'll remember this forever .
dane slipped his arm about the swaying ali ’ s shoulders and gave him support .	dane put an arm around ali 's shoulders to lean on him .
an explosion rocked all of them .	he was shocked by the explosion .
not surprisingly , conventional political and business leaders are not entirely comfortable with either group .	it 's no surprise that conventional leaders in politics and business do n't quite fit a single group .
it 's stopping you from ... becoming a dad myself ?	is it preventing me to become a father myself ?
it might . and it might not .	he may or may not .
psur submission when vepacel is used during an influenza pandemic :	schedule for reporting psur in the event of a flu pandemic :
it 's a sin to keep secrets from your husband .	you should n't have a secret in front of your husband .
we 've got ta move fast !	we have to hurry !
notify users of new passwords	alert users to a new password
however , a general ban does not differentiate between efficient and inefficient means of payment .	however , the general prohibition affects both effective and ineffective payment terms without distinction .
it might not have even happened .	maybe it did n't happen .
il-kummissjoni bdiet tagħti appoġġ addizzjonali fil-forma ta ’ tliet inizjattivi ġodda biex tgħin lill-pajjiż jegħleb il-fażi attwali ta ’ instabilità soċjoekonomika :	bwa f'idejn l-istituzzjonijiet tal-bożnja u oederzeera ( bih ) li jieħdu azzjoni sabiex jintemm il-ksur tal-obbligi internazzjonali tagħha .
you have e-mail messages in your outbox .	the mail mail folder contains e-mail messages .
must password include numbers ?	does the password have to contain the digits ?
various punishments had no effect .	different sentences passed with effect .
you 'd be totally responsible for him and do with him precisely as i say ? ''	would you take full responsibility for him and treat him exactly as i will tell you ? '
they were creating standard-def video that would then be converted to film for theatrical release .	they started creating a video standard resolution that may have been converted into a cinema release .
state secrets prohibit the introduction of evidence .	public secrecy prevents evidence .
it was ignorance that saved tanya ’ s and her sisters ’ lives .	it was an unknowns what saved tanye and her sister 's life .
it 's only supposed to be 10 .	he only should have given me ten .
hitler said we need n't kill them .	hitler said they would n't be killed !
do not wish pain on another out of either anger or rivalry .	do not harm anyone , whether in anger or in competition .
these are the morning announcements ?	is this morning news ?
come upstairs at once , mummy !	come on up right now , mom !
now , the things you got ta remember are the details .	what you have to remember is the detail .
po box 7 , biddinghuizen 8256 zg , nl hzpc holland b.v .	postbus 12 , 1670 aa medemblik , nl europlantaardappel b.v .
alright let 's get started before my headache gets any worse	all right , let 's start before my head hurts .
a fierce new world is awakening .	the new cruel world awakens
baby peggy 's parents settled .	the parents of little margarita had agreed .
my father had entrusted him tome .	my father gave it to me .
i 'd guess that nobody has thought of shipping bikes to mars for tourists .	according to my court , no one was thinking of carrying bicycles for tourists to mars .
lansoprazolee rabeprazolee pantoprazolee esomeprazolee antiarrhythmics amiodarone	lansoprazole rabeprazole pantoprazole esomeprazole antiarytmics
you plan on stealing that ?	you want to steal it ?
a knock on cyrill 's door interrupted them before manissa could reply .	before marissa could answer , there was a knock to the door .
ln great pain because of its wound , but not reacting like a wounded creature .	he 's suffering from a terrible wound , but he 's not responding like an injured animal .
i will blow your head off !	i 'll shoot you in the head !
as davina was drawing your likeness ...	how did davina draw your portrait ...
sam can be all cheek and fun and jokes , but in the end i know what he is - a boy .	sam can be a joke and a joke and a joke , but it 's still just a guy in the finals .
people wan na spend cash on these codes . - they 're not gon na get the chance .	many people want to spend much money on those codes , but they wo n't get a chance .
the dominar is recovering as well .	dominos are also recovering .
that 's crazy . i used to draw mario .	it 's crazy , i was drawing maria .
are you honestly whining because you feel attached to your wife and kids ?	is it really bothering you that you miss your wife and children ?
r.j. 's mom was named alice .	rj had a mother named alena .
six cars later , she pulled back onto the highway and gunned the motor .	after six cars went into the lane and stepped off the gas .
consequently , such producers also had to envisage a voluntary renunciation of production .	even these producers had to assume that they would willingly give up production .
duchess harrington is only an administrator—a crown governor , basically . ''	the harrington duchess is merely the caretaker - essentially the governor of the crown. ``
i honestly had no idea he was gon na be pulling a corpse from the ground .	i honestly did n't think he was going to bring a corpse out of the country .
on it is a flight simulator and full schematics to an f117 a stealth fighter .	there 's a flight simulator on them and a complete specification of the invisible f-117a aircraft .
the present tactical situation has priority over my optimum biochemistry . ''	the current tactical situation takes precedence over my optimal biochemistry. ``
the public prosecutor ’ s office brought proceedings before the competent juzgados de instrucción for forgery of documents and fraud .	the crown prosecution service has filed an indictment at the apologising gados de instrucción in the case of falsification of signature and trending fraud .
my lips are sealed .	my mouth is on the lock .
makes all those jokes your mom cracks about me raping her that much funnier .	that makes all the jokes about how you rape my mom , even more funny .
there 's something wrong , darling .	something bad is happening , my dear .
your eyes are so gorgeous .	you have such beautiful eyes .
that 's inconceivable .	this is unthinkable .
you can not go in there .	you ca n't come in here .
and how much explosive charge would you need to demolish that building ?	how many explosives would you need on the demolition of that house ?
mysteries ? spy novels ?	tales of spies ?
wan na say goodbye to him ?	do you want to say good-bye ?
eighty percent atmosphere .	air level is 80 % .
this is shit !	it 's shit .
coelophysis numbers are increasing , and this leads to confrontations .	the number of coelophysics is still increasing and that leads to struggles .
so why , then , had daryaei taken his action ?	then why did daryaji do this ?
i-i saw it .	i 've seen him .
these circumstances differ from those which applied in the cases on transitional periods decided hitherto .	in this case , the context is different from those concerning transitional periods in this case .
megan ’ s terrified eyes were the most prominent image in his thoughts .	his head was full of megan 's frightened eyes .
better , thank you .	it 's better . thanks .
oh jesus ... oh god no ...	oh , my god .
it is my mother .	she 's my mom .
'say also , ' said gandalf , 'that to crooked eyes truth may wear a wry face . '	`` and say , '' said gandalf , `` that there may be a crooked face in a twisted eye . ''
it 's easier to be alone .	being alone is simpler .
pressing his ear to the stone , belwar waved drizzt off with his hammer-hand .	belwar put his ear against the wall and gestured with a hammer .
c – identifying the comparator 43 .	c - identification of tertium comparationis 43 .
it also drew no distinction between individual goods .	it also did not distinguish between different products .
'we have n't got any trees ! '	`` there are no trees ! ''
found it at the maldovar market .	i found him in maldavar 's market .
what is seen is not always what is real .	what you see does n't always have to be true .
you ca n't hide something like that .	it 's not a thing to hide .
i 've got too much work .	i have a lot of work to do .
someday you will go crazy for me	one day you 're going to drive me crazy .
consequently , no subsidies for the sampled companies under this alleged programme could be established .	as a result , it was not possible to establish a subsidy for the companies in the sample on the basis of that alleged programme .
`` a little glassy panic twitched in the normally matter-of-fact corpsman 's face .	the normally undisturbed face of the auxiliary paramedic was suddenly contorted with panic .
unaware of moral precepts , as opposed to being purposely bad .	unconscious moral principles such as the antithesis of deliberately bad behaviour .
okay , fine , but make it quick .	all right , but hurry up .
he 's a good kid . and mighty bright .	hwayi is really nice and smart .
if you would to die ... i will become useless ...	if you had died , i 'd be useless .
if we get caught ...	if they catch us ...
that person is my father ...	the man was my father !
can not think in jennifer gorman while his daughter is there playing outside in the garden .	you ca n't think of jennifer gorman 's fate when your little girl plays in the backyard .
we got ta go , now !	we have to do it now !
rangers do not wait for a bright , sunshiny day .	the rangers do n't wait for the sun to shine .
ca n't you just come into my club , kick back , chill out , have a drink and shake your booty like everybody else ?	you ca n't come to my club if you do n't want to relax , drink and dance in the beat of music ... ... and so on ?
so you take classes at night .	you would go for evening classes .
he drank coffee with cops in a hundred all-night diners around town .	he was drinking coffee with the cops during countless night dinners across the city .
over my dead corpse you will , because they 've let me be more like a son to them than like a lodger . ''	just over my dead body , 'cause i 've become more of their son than an undertenant. ``
you saw and heard nothing ?	you did n't see or hear anything .
fancy saying all that on television ?	how about it all on tv ?
i hear what mankind whispers in secret ... ... and i see what it believes no one can see	i hear people whispering in secret , and i see nothing to be seen .
unable to modify vector map stored in other mapset	can not edit vector layer saved in another mapset .
any glare was wiped out and the sun had vanished completely .	all the sunlight is gone , and the sun has gone completely lost .
i-i really must be off .	i really have to go .
it may well be that protect someone we do not know who that is .	maybe he 's protecting someone , but we do n't know who .
there 's nothing worse .	it ca n't be worse .
tower 49 , you have put the whole operation at risk .	tower 49 , this threatens our entire mission .
but the feet are going .	and their feet go .
it must seem like a different planet to him .	he must feel like he 's on another planet .
the licence shall carry with it the obligation to import products originating in the country so indicated . ''	the licence shall include the duty of imports of products originating in that country. ``
you dudes say something about a monster hunt ?	hey , did you say anything about hunting monsters ?
he 's your dad ?	is that your daddy ?
i 'm not hearing this .	i ca n't hear .
that captain was a silly ass .	the captain is a terrible fool .
you 're gon na be dancing at prom .	you 're going to the dance .
headache dizziness , disturbance in attention , dysgeusia , hepatic encephalopathy ,	cataract , retinal exsudal , dry eye , ocular iconic , retinal hemorrhage .
a beast like that , who 'd believe him ?	such an animal ... who would he believe ?
for a hundred thousand years .	hundreds of thousands of years ago .
i mean , will i be able to see the people who stare at me in my display case the way i stared at the dinosaurs ?	i 'd really like to know if i can look at those people looking at me as i stand in a case like i was looking at those dinosaurs .
one final point is worthy of consideration .	and one more point as a last one deserves a review .
a nurse said there was a casualty .	one of the nurses said he was dead .
keep it moving , gentlemen .	move on , gentleman .
dim screen when inactive :	to darken the screen on idle :
displays ktorrent logging output	shows ktorren logon output
miss garvey has many attractive friends who will come to visit .	ms. garvey will be visiting a lot of attractive friends .
warning : flaw of enrutador in disc three .	warning : rouble malfunction on hard drive 3 .
you did n't even follow her outside ?	not even out there ?
with just one extra egg on it , costs only 22 at most .	except for an extra one , he can cost a maximum of 22 .
will you attend the mccarthy hearings ?	are you taking part in mccarthy 's interrogation ?
that looks like ventilation piping ?	it seems to be ventilation pipes .
it 's our last chance to run away together .	last chance of a joint escape .
he loved niun ; they all did .	he liked niuna , like everyone .
let 's go somewhere afterwards .	then we 're going somewhere .
there was no way of telling in the darkness .	in the dark it was impossible to say exactly .
if i had never met you ... all those times that i was never afraid of ... i had no confidence .	if i had n't met you , i would n't be afraid , but now i 'm not sure about anything , and i 'm scared .
sent you dad , you to have omrknul ?	did your father send you to check it out ?
'and next time , have tene baralta bring his suggestions to me personally . '	`` and may the next tene baralta bring my suggestions to him in person . ''
sorry you had to go through that alone .	i 'm sorry you were on your own .
they 're neck and neck !	they 're going down the throat .
i 'm not familiar with canadian ranks .	i do n't know the canadian rank .
what 's happening with this kid ?	what happened to the boy ?
we can get in trouble selling pharmaceuticals in a campaign office .	you can have problems selling drugs .
if insufficient information exists then intrusive investigation of the site will be required in order to gather such information .	if there is not enough information , an invasive investigation will be needed to obtain this information .
at the moment she was watching merv griffin chat with a celebrity .	now she watched merva griffin 's interview with some celebrity .
dowd took his leave without further exchange , escorted as far as the lift by charlotte feaver and left to make the descent alone .	dowd walked away without a word , escorted by charlotte feavero to his final move and left alone to drive down with no entourage .
'who 's she ? ' said cumbling michael .	`` what is this woman ? '' asked usmobile michael .
the comparison is like that above between the disobedient patient irma and her friend , who believed to be more sensible .	it 's a similar comparison as the above-mentioned comparison of disobedient patient irma with her girlfriend , whom i find smarter .
liquidity plans to address the implications of both scheduled and early amortization shall exist at credit institutions which are originators of revolving securitisation transactions involving early amortisation provisions .	the credit institutions that are the originator of securitisation exposures with the possibility of early repayment must have liquidity plans addressing the effects of both planned and early repayment .
there are those who must organise co-ordinate .	someone has to organize , coordinate .
persons who have the right to deduct vat may opt not to exercise that right . ’	persons entitled to deduct vat shall not be entitled to claim this claim. ``
we expected 32 tanks , 27 did n't make it .	there should have been 32 tanks .
350 an ounce , 1 6 ounces to a pound , 90 pounds to a bar . do the math .	$ 350 per ounce , 16 ounces is pound , each brick has £90 .
vezmi tinleho k norbovi .	take tinle for norbus .
better lawn care and pool service for all your lawn and pool needs !	everything your lawn and the swimming pool need .
whilst you are being treated with effentora , do not use other fentanyl treatments previously prescribed for your breakthrough pain .	do not take any other fentanyl medicines during treatment with effentorou , which have been prescribed against breakthrough pain in the past .
that is the most bullshit cure for depression i 've ever heard of .	that 's the worst way to treat depression i know .
madame , i am suffering from agonizing female troubles .	madam , i 'm in terrible pain because of women 's problems .
certain restrictions however do apply to sources of private donations .	however , for private donations , there are some restrictions .
thanks , daddy ! ''	thank you , father ! ``
we are off to jeju island !	we went to the island of cheda .
was she threatened ?	did anyone threaten her ?
chinese ladies often call each other ‘ sister . ’	chinese ladies are often referred to as sisters .
who the gal and kid belong to ?	who 's the woman with the baby ?
it 'll keep you out of heaven .	you 're not going to heaven .
laarstraat 16 b-2610 wilrijk piroxicam teva 20 mg capsule oral use belgium teva generics belgium n.v .	demunterlaan 1 / 8 b-1090 brussel piroxitop 20 mg tablet oral use belgium p.s.i . n.v .
yeah ... some jackass on a motorcycle wiped out a bunch of units	yeah , some asshole on his motorcycle destroyed some backers .
that was not a nash equilibrium .	it was n't nash 's balance .
one buries one 's parents .	someone buried his parents .
i knew father had lied to us about america being blown up .	i knew my father was lying about america that america was n't finished .
when even the divided god obeyed , no priest or priestess was about to question her authority to issue such a command .	when the separate god listened to her , neither priest nor priest could take into account her right to issue such an order .
she seems sick .	he looks ill .
if any one asks..there were 50 of them.. ... and ... they were ... rattlesnakes ! here kitty-kitty..	if anyone asked , there were 50 of them , and ... it was a rattlesnake .
a comforting thought , quentin mused , trailing after her into the trees until she found a suitable clearing .	this is really reassuring , quentin thought as he followed tamis into the woods , where the stalwart soon found an appropriate clearing .
he would n't have seen it .	he could not see them .
the grace of a gentleman clung round him , seemed like an echo in his mellow voice .	he had a sense of decency like a true gentleman who sounded like a voice in his lavish voice .
you knocked her down , you bastard !	you son of a bitch !
floating on custom gravity pads , these special machines came in every conceivable shape and style .	these strange machines , hovering over moving gravity pools , were built in all sorts of shapes and styles .
the area provides limited higher-educational opportunities and has a low number of high-tech businesses .	the area offers limited opportunities for higher education , and there are few businesses with advanced technologies .
and he was very ashamed that she had to bathe him , and ... shave him and bedpan him ...	he 's embarrassed that she washes it and wears it to him .
it is n't the clock .	it 's not an hour .
well , a star is bloody born or what , eh ?	then the star was n't born ?
she did not need to tell him .	she should n't have told him .
and part of what happens , i think , in your 20 's and 30 's ,	and one of the things that happens when you 're twenty or thirty ,
20 times your money .	twenty times the amount .
oh , she is lovely .	she 's so nice .
i got really , really angry .	it really made me mad .
stilagro srl via principe di piemonte 38 , i-65010 collecorvino ( pe )	huelgas 15 , e-09001 burgos centro de investigación y formación agraria ( cifa )
john was supposed to ask .	john should have asked .
data repository a data repository is in essence a place where things are stored , e.g . a warehouse .	the data store is essentially a place to store items such as a warehouse .
each fractal broken down infinitely , will always reflect the whole .	every fracture , divided into smaller forever , will always represent an image of a whole ...
i did n't go anywhere !	he 's not going anywhere !
it'il improve my english .	i can speak better english .
that 'll make finding and destroying them a lot easier .	their search and destruction will be much easier .
seated astride a decent enough horse of his own , right alongside of jack .	he sat obsessively on his own pretty good horse right next to jack .
i dreamed that grandma died .	my grandmother seemed to die .
and they 're nothing compared to what 's coming next .	and the comparison of what comes later is nothing .
arnoglossus tenuis günther , 1880 »	talismania okinawensis okamura & kawanishi , 1984
that 's $ 500 reward .	five hundred dollars ' worth .
i never even went to battle .	i 've never been in combat .
and i 'm scared shitless of losing lenny in some custody battle .	and i 'm afraid i 'm gon na miss lenny for the custody .
of learning to think about other people 's thoughts	thinking about the thoughts of others we can see
everybody drives you nuts .	everyone drives like crazy .
without war , there 's no zulu nation .	they would n't be zulus without a war .
terry believes in having a clear topic sentence .	terry likes sentences of clear content .
that 's what people are supposed to do .	this is what people should be doing .
the crime in this area rarely exceeds petty theft . '	crimes in this area are seldom anything more than petty theft. ``
this is gon na freak you out , but you kind of look like that girl who was killed .	this may scare you a little bit , but you 're similar to the girl they murdered .
you can not do the work without undertaking those risks .	you ca n't do a job without tying yourself to these risks .
he is a fine specimen , a divine specimen .	it 's a very beautiful specimen .
drinkin ' beers , beers , beers	beer , beer , beer
his trews were green laced with leather thongs .	the trouser was green , bound with leather straps .
and magical rings usually worked just by being worn .	and the magic rings usually work only when they wear on the ring .
father keeps a lookout so he can warn mother when danger comes .	the father is on guard to warn his mother if there is danger .
asayaga said to tinuva , ‘ where is hartraft ?	asayaga asked tinuvy : `` where 's hartraft ?
his head sagged against her face .	her head dropped to her cheek .
i need that crime scene preserved .	we have to keep the crime scene .
if it 's trouble you bring , you best keep walking .	if you 're causing problems , you better go ahead .
the burden of proving fault or neglect shall lie with the claimant ” .	the burden of proof of fault or omission is borne by the claim. ``
to capture an extraordinary soldier takes extraordinary measures .	capturing an exceptional soldier requires exceptional means .
you have a remainder of 1 .	the rest is 1 .
we'il not forget it .	we wo n't forget .
collet gave a curt nod and spun the laptop toward fache .	collet nodded and shifted his notebook to fache .
you do not pay ?	are n't you paying ?
they 're just trying to better their lives .	he 's trying to have a better life .
another surprise inspection .	more surprising inspections .
your mouth sounds like your sister 's . i 'm not pleased about that .	you 're beginning to sound like your sister .
i am glad that i have had the opportunity of meeting you .	i 'm delighted to have an opportunity to meet you .
now they must learn from one another	now they have to teach each other
primakov articulates and defends the national interests of our country . ”	primakov is defending our national interests. ``
children of troubled marriages not eligible .	kids from troubled marriages are excluded .
there goes that theory .	the theory went to hell .
that crying boy does n't cling to you anymore .	the crying boy is no longer suited for you .
that ai n't no skateboard coming .	that does n't come a skater .
you are so bad !	you 're terrible .
such a charming name !	oh , well , that 's a cute name .
that 's completely untrue !	that is not true at all !
at the soccer pitch by ă…kers styckebruk .	there at the football field in akers styckebird .
what -- mini-me , do n't you ever do that again .	never do it again !
i tell you shes a beauty .	and i 'm telling you she 's beautiful .
where 'd you say dad was again ?	tell me again where your father was .
could not set username .	unable to set user name .
it 's our marriage !	but this is our marriage .
over you or the water department ?	for your sake or for water ?
gee , i wonder where any of them are . ''	i wonder where they all went ! '
this is n't waterstone 's .	you 're not here at waterston 's .
you have to trust we wo n't kill each other with them .	trust us , we will not kill anyone else .
`` that 's better—much better ! ''	'that 's better - much better ! '
but you 're not ?	and you do n't ?
you was just gon na give me five dollars !	you only meant to give me $ 5 .
it 's your dad , knut .	this is your father , knute .
an old folk 's home .	a house for old people .
generalitat valenciana dpdo oficial , e-46113 moncada , valencia , es intersemillas sa pinaeta , s/n apdo .	co daechidog , 891 10 seoul , kr kapotis nea ktiria , tk 30200 messolingi , el seedcross inc .
more recent data do not show very significant change .	there are no significant changes from the latest data .
that 's what we wo n't be doing .	we 're not going to do that .
we could easily assign three missiles to every target ... and still have a very effective reserve force for any other contingency .	we can send three missiles to each target , and yet the forces will still be in reserve .
i wo n't be asking you for any more .	i 'm not gon na ask you for anything .
earlier this year , mr.fenster and mr.mcmanus ... ... hijacked a two-prop cargo flight out of newark airport .	earlier that year , mr fenster and mr mcmanus kidnapped one two-engine aircraft from newark airport .
and bam , she 's murdered !	and bang , they kill her !
i 'm wan na get my dad one of those weather radios .	i want to buy my father the radio on the weather forecast .
is everyone partnered ?	are they all set ?
'where are you going to take the prisoners , lord zalasta ? '	`` where are you taking your prisoners , lord zalasto ? 'asked elron .
our street performers wo n't bother you anymore	our street artists will never be bored .
thanks , chandler , they 're great !	thank you , chandler .
the banana you wanted , senor .	here 's your banana , señor .
it is quite strange .	that 's very peculiar .
we are doing our goddamn job .	we 're trying to do our duty .
there 's a lot less resistance at our current target .	the present target will give much less resistance .
so as the political leaders worked out the truce , they reached a simple and obvious compromise .	thus , the political leadership in negotiating the ceasefire came to a simple compromise that offered directly .
'susie tomlinson ... smile . '	susie tomlins -- smile .
you 're not robbing this train .	you do n't rob a train !
is the cage family no longer making deliveries ?	cage and his family have stopped you from delivering ?
could it be ?	is that possible ?
my daddy said they have n't found all the animals in the sea .	my father says we do n't know all marine animals .
i kind of liked having a cousin around .	i loved being here with my cousin .
they might be picking up the engine ionization from the shuttle .	they could detect the ionisation of the shuttle 's engines .
who is voting on that stuff ?	who 's voting in these polls ?
a beautiful dress like this .	such beautiful clothes ...
i 'm on furlough this week , and everybody 's out dancing with their girl ...	i have this week , my vacation , and everyone is going to dance with their girls .
they lose all their bearings , that burden we call balance .	he 's losing his stance , the weight we call the balance .
these boys , 19 .	the guys ... they 're 19 .
remind me of ?	do you remember ?
and suddenly it stopped .	then suddenly everything ceased .
there 's a private island located near the russian coast .	he was interested in the island off the coast of russia .
w-we might get married .	m-maybe we could have gotten married .
she glanced past ganner in his robes of blue and black , toward a knot of jedi paying court to kyp durron .	she looked for ganner to the knot of the jedi who spun around kypa durrona .
you 're in luck ... about the argentinian passport .	you 're lucky to want argentina 's passport .
my little brother has 100,000 men according to the scouts , men whose allegiance rightly belongs to me .	my younger brother has a hundred thousand men , whose devotion is rightfully mine .
no birds . no crickets . it 's all gone so quiet .	neither the birds nor the cricketers were all so quiet .
people are seeing huge profits with these digital horror movies .	people see the huge profit from the horror films .
a pair of mobile lounges drove from the terminal building two miles to the waiting aircraft .	two miles were arriving from the airport building , two miles away from the waiting plane , two comfortable buses .
crushed shell , just like at the previous scene .	crushed shells , as well as previous scenes .
you 've forgotten your change .	`` you forgot the change ! ''
'i have been told these ladies are not your wives . '	`` they told me the ladies were n't your wives . ''
i forgot you were going to have to carry your own burdens .	i have forgotten you will bear your burden as well .
on environmental grounds , coal-fired power generation should cease as soon as possible in favour of sustainable power production .	for environmental reasons , it is necessary to leave coal production from coal as quickly as possible and go to sustainable production .
35 miles north-west wonsan .	56 km northwest of wonsan .
insects with gaily colored wings flitted past .	the multicolored wings of insects gleamed as they passed them .
this is but one of many battles to be fought .	it 's just one of the battles you 're going to fight .
how you feel about your soul .	what do you think of your soul ?
joffrey of peyrac .	joffrey de peyraco !
the final annual accounts can be found on the following website http : //eca.europa.eu or http : //cfca.europa.eu/ .	final accounts are available at http : / / eca.europa.eu or http : / / eca.europa.eu / .
i 'm not ruining his life .	i wo n't ruin my life .
17. what a lovely age .	17 ... beautiful age .
however , substantial improvements are needed overall .	in general , further significant improvements need to be made .
your horizon 's about to be broadened .	you broaden your horizons .
hands should be washed after applying this medicinal product .	wash hands when using the medicine .
everybody farts a lot because they do n't know how to laugh .	he just farts all the time because he ca n't laugh .
to him it looked like pyrex glass .	he felt like a fire-proof glass .
that old loving horse paid $ 22.4o !	the wonderful horse earned me $ 22.40 !
rotate by -90 degrees	rotate 90 ° clockwise
we 're ok there .	it 's okay .
you just have to sit here all day doing nothing !	you sit all day and you do n't do anything .
so , you wo n't talk ?	you 're not gon na talk ?
with the exception of miss pryce here ... there is n't a decent human being amongst you .	in addition to miss pryce , there 's not a good man among you .
nobody 's going to care about exact handwriting .	no one will care about the accuracy of her handwriting .
that woman got her .	the woman has it .
de vor gebrauch besondere anweisungen einholen .	de nur funkenfreys werkzeug verwenden .
the dialing counter was still tuned to the wave band on which the _dolphin_ had picked up the distress signals .	the dial was even further set on the wavelength in which delphen 's emergency signals caught .
i saw the whole thing go down .	i 've seen it all .
i might be able to get it going .	maybe i can make it work .
tonight 's undercard is a special twin matchup introducing two new combatants .	we have a special double duel for you tonight . we have two new fighters .
mr. walbridge would actually like torelocate your salon in our new mall .	mr. walbridge wants to move your salon into a new shopping center .
dickhead , you fuckin ' shot me .	you son of a bitch .
likewise , he remembers tasks by writing .	the same tasks are recalled in writing .
`` so sorry . dozed off . what have i missed ? ''	`` i 'm very sorry - i took a nap - what did i miss ? ''
suppose the treatment had not been successful ?	what if the cure failed successfully ?
these offerings would be gathered by imperial servants and distributed later to the populace , in conjunction with an additional week of festivities on kaitain .	they later take them to the emperor 's servants and divide them into the populace during a subsequent week of celebrations on kaitan .
it 'd give them kids a real education .	that should give the kids an actual education .
the coronation of boleslaw the bold in gniezno in 1 076 !	1076 , the coronation of boleyn .
he 's just thanking you , because our world , in part , is healing because our two sides are working together .	he thanked you for our world , partly healing , thanks to the cooperation of both our parties .
chained naked in some black vault in the castle of the ferenczy .	he 's naked-bound in shackles in a dark dungeon at ferenczy castle .
was n't there anyone ?	he had no one ?
you 're using the talent and ability that i gave you . ''	you use your talents and skills i gave you. ``
the planet below , whose mass we 're measuring , attained zero gravity .	a planet whose volume is measured has reached zero gravity .
yarkoni looked into the taller man 's eyes .	jarre looked him in the eye .
i 'm sleeping in your bed now .	no , i 'll sleep with you .
there are four bands , so they can be divided between klitschkovcov ,	they 're 4 belts , so we can split them between klitschko .
she is worse than the germans .	he 's worse than going to germany .
clifton : that 's called friday at five .	i named him friday at 5 : 00 .
it was one successful enough to sabotage them .	they 've successfully sabotaged them .
do you cry in dreams ?	a man crying in a dream ?
have you run the numbers on any of this ? what is this costing you ?	you have a look at the numbers - what 's going to cost you ?
an idiot like that could never persuade the astels to accept his word . '	a fool like him would never have persuaded astelany to agree to his views. ``
fucking thing came off a chinese freighter yesterday .	yesterday they unloaded this shit from a chinese ship .
then you'il be a dirty old man , and you'il be a drunk .	you 're gon na be an old-timer and a drunk .
it 's not stealing !	it was n't a robbery !
pastures within the delimited area are covered mainly with the following species of grass : red fescue , tall fescue , kentucky bluegrass and golden oatgrass .	in the area defined above , grassland is covered in a predominantly species of grassland red , skeletal lustrous , lipid and tribble yellow .
this is vengeance , deunan !	it 's revenge , deunan .
yes , he did .	yeah , it 's true .
just relax yourself , all right ?	calm down , okay ?
phenyl ethyl carbinol ; 1-phenylpropyl alcohol ; alpha-ethylbenzyl alcohol ;	93-54-9 / 1-phenylpropan-1-phenylpropan-1-ol ; phenylethyl carbine ; 1-phenylpropylalcohol ;
we 're low on coffee .	we have a little coffee ...
a chemical cleaning solvent that is supposed to automatically scour empty tanks was re-routed to fill tanks at 16 sites .	a chemical purification process to automatically clean up the empty reservoirs was redirected to draw the reservoirs of 16 pages .
he is the perfect businessman	he 's a great businessman .
i am from birth a vor .	i 've been vor since i was born .
and thus it was from this bough that judas iscariot hanged himself .	hence , it is made of a branch on which judas hanged himself .
maintaining radio silence , as promised . i 'm just calling to let them know	they keep the radio quiet as they promised .
but it 's definitely a staff member ?	but is he really an employee ?
message to be displayed to user when authentication request is accepted or rejected	message displayed by user on receipt or rejection of the authentication request .
of valuing the fishery resource ,	to assess fish fishing ,
they 've got the golden arches .	they have gold vaults .
wait ... what 's up with all the cute dads ?	wait , what are all these handsome dads doing here ?
realizing his coaxing had failed , the crimson king threw another sneetch .	when the crimson king realized the lure was n't working , he tossed another evil tonk .
marshall , it 's totally gon na happen .	marshall , i 'm sure this will happen .
god bless you one and all .	praise the lord jesus christ .
he loved it just from reading the specs .	he loved him as soon as he read his specifications .
i was stupid to leave my pain pills in new york ... ... but it 's been a while since it 's flared up .	it was silly of me to leave the tablets in new york , but i have n't had a problem with it for a long time .
it was now my fourth straight week without sleep .	now it 's exactly four weeks since i do n't sleep .
captain directly ordered me to hold defensive positions .	the captain gave me a direct order to maintain the position for the meeting .
did n't have the cash to run drugs .	he had no money from drugs .
are n't you scared you 'll kill yourself if you crash ?	you 're not worried about getting yourself killed .
the protection of your personal information is important to msn .	`` privacy protections are very important for the msn service .
for a woman to wear the clothes of a man is an abomination in the eyes of nuggan !	wearing men 's clothes is for the woman hird in front of her face ... ! ``
yes . everybody goes today ... and tonight .	everyone will go tonight .
such experts were chosen under a framework contract following a tender procedure .	these experts were selected on the basis of the framework contract resulting from the invitation to tender .
if national provisions provide for the confidentiality of investigations , communication of the information shall be subject to the authorization of the competent court of tribunal .	where national law lays down the secrecy of the investigation , the competent judicial authority must authorise the reporting of such information .
can i have a word in private ?	can i talk to you privately ?
we 're gon na move you in to the bed now .	let 's get you on the bed , okay ?
is this movie gon na be my big break ?	shall i break through the film ?
away team is en route .	team 's on the way .
21 jean had wept before , but she was not weeping now .	21 jean did n't cry before and she did n't swim even now .
`` we 're being attacked . ''	`` they 're attacking us ! ''
you know , an autographed karate kid ii poster from mr. miyagi .	the karate kid 2 signed by mr miyagi .
`` aye , say true , '' tian said , then rapidly touched his brow , his breast , and his butt .	`` well , i 'm telling the truth , '' tian agreed , quickly touching his forehead , chest and buttocks .
twenty seconds left , all right ?	20 seconds to go .
that 's shocking . that is shocking .	this is appalling ... .
it 's not even feeding on its victims . dad ?	they do n't even feed on their victims .
he seemed not to have heard the screams at all .	he did n't seem to notice the screams from the inside .
`` my pleasure , lovely mortal woman . ''	`` the pleasure is mine , the beautiful death . '
the violent thunderstorm which had engulfed the city the previous night had unroofed many houses and exploded others .	the wild storm that descended on the city last night carried many roofs and destroyed some of the houses .
she does look like she licked a homeless guy 's ass .	he looks like he 's licking his butt .
without a doubt , the one guy who did n't give a fuck about anybody .	there 's a guy without a doubt who 's not really hot with anyone .
the smell was overpowering .	there 's a present smell .
something my grams said .	something grandma told me .
it 's bizarre . retinally speaking ... shut up .	shut up . do n't talk to me about this bullshit .
you wan na get together ?	you want to meet ?
i 've done no such thing .	i did n't do anything .
'the old marthter uthed to whip me every day ! ' said igor proudly .	`` the thronged biding me at an alleyway ! 'said igor proudly .
miss sacharissa did something about lady selachii 's ball , and there 's a few small things . '	ms. sacharissa wrote some article about lady chewbacca 's dance , and we have some short stories. ``
she lifted her fork , hoping in the motion to hide her own sudden bitterness .	she raised the fork in the hope that it would be so hidden that she was suddenly overwhelmed with bitterness .
it took some doing to locate the daughter .	there was a little work to do to find the daughter .
gee , thanks , mr fife !	thank you , mr. fife .
the vice chair shall be elected for a two year term , renewable once .	the vice-president is elected on a two-year period that can be extended once .
big campaign contributor ? .	the major campaign sponsor ?
so we can not lose the pick six .	we ca n't lose on a pick-up six .
`` a suggestion , sir ? ''	`` may i suggest something ? ''
one drug issue containing morphine , vitamin pills , pep pills . - - sleeping pills , tranquillizer pills .	a dose of drugs including morphine , vitamins , pills to encourage ... ... sleep pills , tranquilizers .
chance to study a year or more in the uk	possibility of studying one year and more abroad ( uk )
i 've been having a dream . most nights .	i dream , almost every night .
but they have guns on the submarine ?	the sub has guns , right ?
not unless directly ordered .	unless there 's a direct order .
tilde rømer , leif 's fiance .	tilda romero , leifano 's fiancée .
continue efforts to carry out further inventories of regulatory burdens with a view to including , by march 2015 , sectors not yet covered .	continue the effort to further inventory the regulatory burden to be included in the still undisclosed sector by march 2015 .
what is the ship ?	is there a boat ?
i 'm gon na beanother couple hours .	it 'll hold me a couple of hours .
occurrence : automobile accident .	an event -- a car accident .
that 's v.i.k.i .	this is viki .
i 'm voting forthe other guy !	i 'll vote for the other one !
i 'm not sure ... precisely .	i do n't know ... exactly .
mind-probed any teckla , lately ? ''	did you examine any of the tecklers recently ? '
there was to be a pageant representing our county 's agricultural products .	we were changing the parade , representing the agricultural products of our district .
rules are sometimes overlapping when not conflicting .	the rules sometimes overlap , or even contradicts .
it is impossible to survive !	there 's no way we can survive .
you 've been poking around ... where ... how disgusting !	you were there in the dirt , where ... that 's disgusting .
what are we doing ? consider it an experiment in probability theory .	considering the probability is a theory .
the memory was dominated by hempstead 's voice issuing from that harsh wide mouth with its even rows of teeth :	the most vivid memory was hempstead 's voice , out of stern big mouths with two perfect teeth .
dim in the twilit sky , a winged thing circled in curves of indescribable grace and ease .	on the twilight of the darkened sky circled with indescribable elegance and lightness of the winged object .
clark said nothing to that .	clark did n't say anything .
we 've done enough for tonight .	it 's been enough for today .
okay . was your number ten ?	all right , was that number 10 ?
i 'm carrying out an order from the director .	i 'm here on the manager 's orders .
now whoever killed this guy made sure he was never coming back .	whoever killed him , he made sure he did n't have to fix it .
the kids are n't troubling you i hope ...	i hope you 're not worried about kids ?
get your car . come on .	take the car , come on !
they were all in tears .	everyone was crying .
sadly , this was not to be .	unfortunately , that should n't have happened .
aid for female entrepreneurship	support for women 's business
a gold shipment downtown is being moved to the federal reserve	transportation of gold across the city into state federal reserves .
that 's a nice smell .	it smells good .
halleck emerged from the alcove in dress uniform , his lumpy ugliness seeming out of place in the glittering finery .	halleck emerged from a niche , wearing a walk-out uniform ; his ugliness was not suited to the splendor .
i wasn ’ t with lucas so just… chill out .	i was n't just with lucas ... .. .just cool .
his stomach rebelled at more than a few bites .	his stomach was twitching after a couple of sous-techs .
but everyone else got married and had kids ... and moved on .	but everyone was getting married or having kids ... or moving everything changed .
sarah caraway . we know the security temp is benjamin larson and we know mccormick .	we know she had insurance from benjamin larson , known as mccormick .
the carrot being an one-time payment of $ 1,000,000 each .	sugar is the payment of a million dollars to each of you .
earth for earth .	the ground floor .
well there are , in a few suburbs .	there 's some in a couple of neighborhoods .
females on earth can get a bit ridiculous .	earth women tend to be ridiculous .
they will not interrogate you . they will not ask you any questions .	they wo n't be interrogating you .
trevor ? how was your day ?	how were you today ?
the potential destruction of innocent life is unimaginable .	the threat to ruin innocent lives is huge .
wan na do that ?	you want to ?
but after a few weeks at the school ... ... jin still had n't learned the words she wanted to read	however , even after several weeks , jin could still not read a word from the book .
mr winthrop , softly .	mr. winthrope ... gently .
to avoid similar occurrences - - may you no longer bring flowers to school -	to avoid a similar case , you ca n't wear flowers to school from now on .
the warren flared , the three figures emerging from it spilling onto dusty grey earth in a tangle .	the corridor flared , and three figures fell into each other on the dirt floor .
watch the wrist , man .	keep an eye on your wrist .
the black-robed seeker rushed along the lake-shore , its scorpion-like claws extended and clicking eagerly , but ghwerig reached the serf before azashs creature could .	the search in his black robes hurried over to him and drew his claws impatiently , but ghwerig was at the finding before azash 's creature .
how is this accomplished ?	how does it work ?
her leaving made as little impression on darell as did her speaking .	her departure gave darella the same slight perception as her speech .
# tell me that you love me	# say i 'm your love
they were supposed to meet .	they should have met .
i wish anyone who finds this to know ... my crew has behaved courageously .	who can find this record that my crew fought valiantly .
and who consequently has had nothing stolen ?	and who did n't steal anything ?
she sure is beautiful .	she 's certainly pretty .
ms. brozi . ms. brozi .	miss brozi , miss brozi !
that 's a vow you do n't break !	this is a promise not broken !
we 're the reason they had to leave their planet .	they must have left their planet for us .
i did steal the evidence for sir richard to print .	i stole evidence so that sir richard could imprint them .
yeah , i see your point . whiny teens killing themselves is n't love .	i understand if a crazy young man kills himself , it 's not love .
my mother said never to go with strangers .	my mom said i did n't date strangers .
they'il move it soon .	that sceptre will soon be relocated .
such export requires prior notification by commission to the importing country .	these exports must be notified by the commission in advance of the country of imports .
well , who the fuck is sponsoring you , motherfucker ?	who makes a godfather to you , you piece of shit ?
then the civilization societies will become the barbarian societies	so the civilised society becomes a barbaric society
failure to update lpis after on-the-spot checks .	the lpis is not updated after controls at the site .
a slight decrease in renal excretion of gabapentin that is observed when it is coadministered with cimetidine is not expected to be of clinical importance .	the concomitant use of cimetidine is slightly reduced by the excretion of gabapentin by the kidneys , which is unlikely to be clinical .
around the deck the bridge crew had lapsed into silence when the probe camera began transmission .	as the control camera launched the survey , the crew on board shut up and watched the transmission silently .
we never saw or heard from him again .	then we never spoke to him , nor did they see him .
he'staken me to lunch at the cheese haus ... ..and brought me shoppingto stores i wan na shop in .	he 's taking my lunch to cheese haus ... .. and before that , we were shopping for me .
that is my problem ! they are mine to burn !	that 's my problem . i 'll burn it myself .
then jack spoke over the encrypted voice channel .	then jack was speaking via a coded channel for open speech .
i 'm predicting snow .	it 's gon na snow .
the f.d.a . claims you 're exposing the moms and kids to health risks .	the fda says that mothers and children are exposed to health risk .
with those qualifications , he can run an airline !	he 'll be able to manage the airline with such qualifications .
which is why it is not an end .	and that 's why nothing ends .
does the fuhrer eat sauerkraut 3 times a week as well ?	she 's a leader three times a week for the sauerrat ?
( sighing ) wasting my afternoon because of a ridiculous dream . no one said you had to come .	we 're losing time because of some absurd dream .
now , do n't panic .	no need to panic .
many cars stop here . just ask for a lift .	he 's stopping a lot of cars . ask them to take you .
`` there 's nothing we can give them that they would accept .	`` we ca n't offer them anything to agree with .
this is françois bayon . i know .	it 's francois bayon .
the whore 's feast ?	a feast of whores ?
you are subject to arrest .	you may be arrested .
go in offering transport tanks .	we 're going to offer them the shipping tanks .
i had thrown myself beside her in an agony of helpless grief , and putting my arms around held her tight .	with helpless sorrow i rushed to her , gripped her tightly in his arms and pressed against him .
you do n't wan na get some dinner ?	why do n't you go grab something to eat ?
jack is on his way getting proof .	jack 's going for evidence .
missiles are ready to launch , man .	wests , the rockets are ready !
i 'm sorry , what did you say ?	excuse me . what were you saying ?
conditional access systems are present all over the world and they are not difficult to use ( 37 ) .	conditional access systems exist throughout the world and their implementation is not associated with any greater difficulties .
they actually walked away .	in fact , it went away .
right , so -- oh , you guys , there 's this great book you 'd love .	okay , so ... i 've got a book , you 're gon na love this .
he was thinking also of the wall and the dreadful toll it took daily .	he also thought about the walls and the terrible tax they were taking each day .
kids with affectionate parents grow up to be better adjusted sexually as adults .	kids loving parents do n't have sex problems in adulthood .
( groaning in pain ) okay , okay , okay .	all right , all right .
might be best you never know .	maybe it 's best not to know .
i shall need your assistance .	i need you to assist !
alfonso watched the middle east 's meteoric rise throughout the '40s and '50s as oil nationalisation took hold .	alfonso watched the skyline in the middle east during the 1940s and 50s , when it was taking nationwide oil .
it 's not the weapons trade we 're after .	they did n't care about the arms trade .
'plastic ? ' said wu song , asking a question .	`` what about plastic ? '' asked wu sung .
we are going mad , shooting , dieing out .	let 's go crazy , shoot ourselves in the head .
my train model ? the train i made ?	on my trains , on my models ?
trouble is , he wo n't come home .	the problem is he 's not going home .
toggles mouse enhancements .	toggle improvement in mice .
oh , this is one sick motherfucker .	oh , here 's the fucking son of a bitch .
they 'll make it official today at the panhellenic council meeting this afternoon .	he 's officially announcing this afternoon at helensky 's meeting .
that is a catastrophe .	it 's a disaster .
this is what it does when it catches hold of you .	that 's what it looks like when you get caught .
it was really quiet , without a soul anywhere .	there was no real quiet , no living .
we promised each other .	we made a promise .
nine companies in all , making up the 8th legion - us .	nine hundredth sake bang together makes an eight legion - that 's us .
you can not run .	you ca n't escape .
sergeant , bolt these doors .	sarge , screw this door .
film or tape ? ”	a movie or a belt ? ``
must be her friend , too	she 's probably her friend .
furthermore , there were strong indications in the abovementioned stakeholder consultation that there are considerable socioeconomic benefits of using creosote in certain applications .	moreover , the above consultation with interested parties has clearly indicated that the use of creosote in some products has a substantial social economic benefit .
ah his mother died a long time .	your mother 's gone out of time .
that was astroke of luck .	we were very lucky .
well , christ almighty .	oh , my god .
so in these 15 years i had been living here to accept my punishment .	that 's why i 've taken my sentence and i 've lived here for 15 years .
something happened . something too horrible for her mind to handle .	something has happened ... something so terrible that you wo n't be advised of it .
serle understands boiling an egg better than anybody .	serlovka understands the cooking of eggs better than anyone .
it might bite somebody .	he could bite someone .
do you think it 's a joke ?	you think this is some kind of prank ?
what is this about ?	what 's going on ?
and nobody believes in ...	and no one would have believed ...
eat your sadness away .	take out the sadness of the meal .
the joint committee shall be supplied with all relevant items of information to assist its detailed examination of the situation with a view to identifying a satisfactory solution .	any appropriate information will be provided to the joint committee in order to assess the situation in an effort to find an acceptable solution .
man 1 : polka-dot bandit gang robs first national bank in wichita falls , escapes with $ 18,000 ,	a band of polka-dot robbed the first national bank at wichita waterfront , escaping with 18,000 dollars
his business cards described him as a news reporter , though in the parlance of journalism he was more realistically a stringer .	on the card , he referred to his employment as a newspaper reporter , but the more apt sign was a lozenge that writes for more editorial .
skladatel josef poncar a jaromír vejvoda	renata hrdličková and josef pospíšil
yes , he does know .	yeah , she knows .
tell the big guy not to mention it .	tell him it 's not worth talking about .
did someone order a prison break !	did anyone order a subpoena out of jail ?
`` those are rats ! '' goldmoon cried in horror .	`` they 're rats , '' goldmoon exclaimed with revulsion .
i do n't care about your breasts , legs , your lips ...	it 's not enough for your legs , your arms , your mouth ...
`` that 's been our gain , tsukku-san . ''	`` it was a profit for us , cukku-san . ''
'cause i 'm not drinking .	because i do n't drink .
and even once we test our materials out in a russian reactor	when we test materials in one of the real russian reactors ,
what is he thinking of ?	what do they think ?
'it is within , you said ? '	`` you say he 's inside ? ''
shall we have some lemon cakes ?	would you like some lemon cake ?
just tell my daddy i stayed the full hour .	tell your dad i 've been here an hour .
with democracy even more was destroyed .	democracy has completed the work of destruction .
you could hear the screams outside for hours .	the clock was heard screaming .
not often that happened to him !	that did n't happen often .
anything happens in or around you , you'il know about it immediately .	we 'll know immediately about everything that is going to happen around you .
or the children of america into colorado .	or those american guys in colorado .
you wo n't volunteer ?	you 're not volunteering ?
no , there 's nobody else .	no , i do n't have anyone .
i am connected to the internet but can not send or receive emails .	the internet is working , but i ca n't even receive mail .
he is n't in .	he 's not there .
samuel no monster talking at auntie claire 's ok ?	sam , no talking about monsters in front of aunt claire .
the place is nice but it 's a bit strange here !	but there 's something weird .
no , you 're not eating that .	you wo n't eat this .
i have wooed in thy name .	i was on the line with your name .
her friend is making the wedding invitation so she needs a baby photo	her friend makes wedding announcements and she needs photos of her childhood .
the conversation so far had been going astoundingly badly .	until now , the conversation has gone astoundingly wrong .
22nd to 23rd september 2006	photo courtesy of `` science in the streets '' held on 22 and 23 september 2006
there had fights before they die .	he must have fought before they died .
yes , almost 1500 !	yeah , nearly 1500 .
they were obviously dear friends ; and that was all they would ever be .	they 've obviously been good friends , and they will stay forever .
but it 's absurd .	but this is ridiculous .
you are heading down a dangerous path .	you 're headed a perilous way .
you 've gotthat disc with you ?	do you have the disk ?
yes , it was a horrible time .	yes , those were terrible times .
remember that night you said , `` kid , this ai n't your night .	remember when you came in here and said it was n't my night .
hey ! so damn cold	it 's so cold .
most of the day shift were in here now , plus one or two men who were on their day off .	there was a majority of daily shifts , and with her one or two policemen taking the day off .
he took them carefully and swung open the little door at the end .	he descended cautiously and opened the door upon which he came down .
'so it , too , is often misunderstood , ' itkovian said .	'i 'm sure it 's often misunderstood , 'itkovian pointed out .
i was having no idea of danger .	i did n't even know about the danger !
she has two mothers .	he 's got two moms .
get help about managing users .	displays help for user management .
but , frankly , i 'm not comfortable with you having a say in my money .	but ... i honestly do n't like you saying all my money .
if you get yourself in a jam , i might not be able to bail you out .	if you get into any trouble , maybe i wo n't drag you out of it .
so there 's nothing to do but talk and talk and talk .	so we 'll just talk and talk all the time .
every man fires three rounds on anything that looks suspicious to them .	whether everyone fires 3 doses on what seems suspicious .
i got a big run in the morning .	i have a lot of runs this morning .
de doorknob broke off .	the doorknob was broken .
saying `` you are 36 , this is beyond the age when you 're expected to marry '' .	the fact that `` you have 36 and it 's an age when you should be married already . ''
he needs an officer to accompany him on a voluntary basis for a mission of some importance .	he needs one officer , a volunteer , for help in an important task .
there 're three ways to bow	here are three lockout techniques of the bow .
is that understood ?	was it understandable ?
that was a thing his mother might 've said , paul thought .	paul thought that this is what his mother would have told him .
katie , you are at 80 who you are at 8 .	one is eighty of who he was in eight .
this is much more powerful .	no , it 's much stronger .
i 've used every muscle i 've got .	i have used all the power i have .
in order not to look like a homicide .	so it does n't look like murder .
ldl apheresis ) or if such treatments are unavailable . ’	ldl aferéza ) or in cases where these treatments are not available. ``
i 'll never talk .	i 'm not talking .
the witness is not on trial .	we do n't judge a witness .
and an unbelievable set of tits .	... and incredible tits ...
except what sort of lost , homeless pup scratched near the top of a door that was nearly seven feet tall ?	except the missing puppy without a home now scraped to the top of the door must have measured nearly seven feet !
not that this is any of anyone elses business ... ... but no . were friends .	not that it 's anyone 's thing , but no , i 'm just friends .
and she had this dream of becoming an electrical engineer .	and her dream was to become an electrician .
being abducted by aliens .	with the aliens ' abductions .
does n't exactly fit the image .	it 's not a good image .
course northward towards biscaya .	course north , to biscayne bay .
my mother is unaware of the reason for my visit today .	my mother has no idea why i visited you here today .
'who cares if she supports the tornados ? '	`` who cares if he likes tornados ? ''
gim me that bottle , goddammit !	give me the bottle .
the horrible night that he had passed had left phantoms behind it .	after the terrible night he had endured , there were ghosts .
my eye 's sick .	i have sick eyes .
the dosage , karras knew , was staggering .	karras was aware that the dose was frightening .
did marfa still live , and did she hear her son 's words ?	was the old massha still alive and hearing what her son was saying ?
launcher location is not set , can not load launcher	no launcher list , trigger could not be loaded
what is happening ? - that krupp has died . eberts and kreuzmanns also .	krupp is dead , ebert and kreutzman , too .
we 'll end by singing hymn 258 ... ... in the prisoner 's hymnal .	we 'll end up with a song of passim 258. from the prison hymn .
legal basis kärntner wirtschaftsförderungsgesetz ( k-wfg )	allgemeine geschäftsbedingungen kwf ( agb )
nobody else has raised a doubt .	no one else had any doubts .
the same reasoning is valid for registration charges as well as for publication costs .	what is true for registration costs can also be applied to fees for publication .
she only wants to forget one part of that dream , dragoljub aleksic .	she would just want to erase dragoljub aleksić from the dream and memories .
what am i lighting a fire for ?	why are you making a fire ?
well , our gps system tracks every golf cart and maintenance vehicle on the course for liability purposes .	our gps system is tracking all the golf carts , even maintenance cars on the field because of responsibility .
show her you 're here with peaceful intent .	you show that you have a peaceful purpose .
they circled halfway around the island , until they came to a spot where the breakers subsided into a few choppy waves .	they circled half of the island and ran into a place where the surf broke down on innocuous ripples .
the yugoslav basketball federation brought a decision that the game had to be repeated on the neutral terrain .	yugoslavia 's basketball union has issued regulations to re-play the game on neutral ground .
have we been kidnapped ?	did they kidnap us ?
excuse me ! you bought the chanel wallet ?	so did you buy your wallet at chanel ?
i 'm claude mendibil .	this is claude mendibalance .
it gave him a queer feeling to handle the old clothes , marked with the wear of a body that was gone forever .	as he touched the old clothes worn by someone who had gone forever , he felt strangely .
we got to celebrate .	that must be celebrated .
there are just six months left for my retirement .	i only have six months to retire .
this is dr. sieber .	it 's dr. siebert .
at eu level , it nevertheless appears that the rail sector 's modal share is now comparable with pre-crisis levels .	however , at union level , the share of rail on all transport seems to be comparable today to pre-crisis levels .
and this contract will have no impact on any profit participation earned during my employment at lockhart-gardner ?	and this contract wo n't affect any share of profit i earned at lockhart / gardner ?
the variety and the volume ...	for diversity and quantity ...
once opened , the door shall close and lock automatically .	after opening , the door has to be closed and locked .
but this came with risks .	but it was a risk .
did he say lawyer ?	or the lawyer 's ?
daddy 's gone mad has n't he ?	dad 's crazy , right ?
your place or mine ? yours .	to you or to me ?
she must have vocal cord damage .	his vocal cords are damaged .
heroic army and marine force dead mark the battlefiield of okinawa ... ... where a bloody engagementis being fought .	a heroic death is drawing the battlefields of the army and marines in okinawa , where one of the bloodiest battles is underway .
hearts were cups-the chalice .	the heart aches .
sona on 6th at 6 .	she 's six at six .
there will be even cleaner water coming up soon .	soon we 'll run into even more clean water .
'considering the foolishness you are engaged upon i think it more apt to ask what you might require of me . '	`` considering what foolishness you 're letting go , you should be asking what you might want to ask of me . ''
some unconscious rebellion , perhaps ... ''	there may be some sort of unconscious insurrection ... ``
oh , this pistol is n't mine .	that 's not my gun !
were those eyebrows ? yes !	was that an eyebrow ?
i want mine sexy .	mine must look hot .
interest of suppliers ( 85 )	interests of suppliers 86 .
it 's neither a felony nor a misdemeanor to be without id .	not having papers is a crime or a misdemeanor .
they will wet themselves with blood !	they 'll bathe in their own blood !
were there any letters for me ?	did any of the letters come ?
nothing decompresses like a 2000 châteauneuf-du-pape .	nothing deserts anything better than chateauneuf-du-pape , 2000 .
that will be all , dumptruck .	it 's all dumtruck .
just your brain .	only my head .
muslim turks swept into europe with a vast superior force , striking at romania , threatening all of christendom .	muslim turks invaded europe and threatened the entire christian world .
you seem to trust your skill very much	you seem too confident in your skills .
some are tests of character .	like a character test .
set e-mail reminders for my resources	configure e-mail notifications and e-mail reminders
pop music now glorifies binge drinking .	pop music celebrates booze and makeup .
the rest talked or slept or merely waited .	the others were either debating or lining up or simply waiting .
the landlord stood at the door to his inn , listening as people hurried by .	the owner stood between the doors of the inn 's main entrance and listened to passers-by .
i 'll have all these options . i could take a sabbatical .	i 'll be able to use those options .
shoot no , you idiot , we are aussies .	do n't shoot , you fucking asshole !
tomorrow 's a new day .	we 're going again tomorrow .
but banichi probably had far more important things on his mind—like checking with security , and being sure surveillance items were working .	but banichi was likely to have much more important things to do - security checks , securing the functions of surveillance equipment , things like that .
i already turned down 75 for her .	i 've dropped it to 75 .
`` we 've five miles an more of road to go ! ''	'we 've got five or more miles in front of us ! '
because i 'm actually in the process of buying my parents ' house ...	because right now i 'm trying to buy a house from my parents .
a murder sentence should be more than ten years	the sentence for murder is over a decade .
please- ... you 're not supposed to be here .	you should n't be here , mrs. creeson .
it 's conscious , it thinks .	she is aware , she thinks .
my a cappella group is going to perform .	my band will be performing .
i was expecting intel on ortiz .	i 've been waiting for information about ortiz .
külterület 53. , 6635 szegvár , hu bce gyógynövénytermesztési tanszék villányi út 29. , hu-1114 budapest viragmag kft .	vladimír pokorný čelakovovská 957 , 675 51 jaromeřice nad rokydles , czech republic sempol holding a.s .
i wo n't bargain .	i 'm not going to haggle .
the reports he had typed and placed in the murder book were not complete , though .	however , the report , which he wrote and included in the volume of the murders , was incomplete .
well , seeing ahow criminals tend to be males with antisocial proclivities ...	well , most criminals are men with anti-social tendencies .
will you not have faith in me ? ''	you do n't even want to trust me ? ``
as arthur rode in search of his father that day ... ... uther pendragon was facing his greatest test .	when arthur went looking for his father , he faced uther 's trial .
do n't make me laugh , ...	you made me laugh .
it flew off with a reproachful caw and he shut the window .	the crow flew away with an unhappy wrangling , and gulta closed his window .
take that t-shirt off !	take off your shirt .
i must have lost it .	i had to lose him .
samson fears no man .	samson 's not afraid of anyone .
it is really very good .	he 's really nice .
solution for peritoneal dialysis	de desconexión de desconexión integrado solución para diálisis peritoneal
quickly now , mrs cooke .	quick , mrs. cooper .
he may be seen leaving the room -- he may be searched .	someone could see him leaving the room - they could search him .
these children have a ...	the kids are ...
via phone personally at the branch office via fax	phone in person by fax in person
i thought i was gon na be killed . well .	i thought they 'd kill me .
you 're not in your hut ?	are n't you at your house ?
okay , uh , let 's try it again .	all right ... we 'll try again .
anyway , i 'm not running away .	but i wo n't run away .
we , uh , submit the paperwork to the da .	we ... we 'll present the documents to the prosecution .
mechano-therapy appliances ; massage apparatus ; psychological aptitude-testing apparatus :	devices for mechanotherapy ; mass instrumentation ;
hearth fires and holocausts .	the flames of the house fireplace , as well as niggling and burning .
barbara made no sound .	barbara did n't make any noise .
uh ... i came up with some pretty interesting stuff .	well ... and i 've come to some interesting things .
anybody that seemed suspicious ?	anyone who seemed to be a suspect ?
you had relationships with those women .	you have a relationship with that woman .
let 's just sit down , and check the map ...	we 'll sit somewhere under the tree , check the map .
had i succeeded in taming her ?	did i manage to tame her ?
you wan na get outta there ?	do you want to get out ?
yes , yes , yes , where is the idol ?	yeah , yeah , yeah , where 's he now ?
for letting them live ?	to keep them alive ?
theyll still say you kissed the duchess , though , said maladict .	'never mind , they 'd say you kissed him anyway , 'maladict grunted .
where did that boy go ?	where 's the kid gone ?
okay , sit down .	please have a seat .
return can not have a parameter in function with out parameters	there is no parameter inside functions with out return
karsa orlong , why have the teblor not conquered all of genabackis ? '	karso orlong , why are the tebloomers still unaccounted for ? ``
we can not go out ! - i want you out !	we ca n't leave !
what 's there to steal ?	what can be stolen here ?
everything 's totally awesome .	everything is absolutely amazing .
'cause you one spooky motherfucker .	because you 're a scary fucker .
finally marty moaned on the bunk and flopped one arm .	in the end , marty groaned in a bunk and waved his hand .
behold -- the livid anger of the star-gods , apoplectic with affronted rage !	behold - the sinuous wrath of the star gods , numbed by fury over this open pomp !
indeed , our contrivance was so very clumsy that any greater success was hardly to be anticipated .	our device was really so clumsy that we could hardly have expected a better outcome .
that person hit the tv , moved it .	the person pushed the television , moved her ...
they starved to death .	they died of starvation .
at the age of ten , burton would know far more latin than his tutor and speak it fluently .	in ten years burton knew much better in latin than his governess , and he was fluent .
thank you very much .	all right , thanks .
what 's up with dimitri ?	what happened to dmitri ?
'to me ! ' yelled decado .	`` to my place ! '' cried decado .
you 'll dine with us ... ..and stay overnight .	you will have dinner with us , and you will sleep with us .
`` it 's a ceremonial weapon .	`` ceremonial gun , rog !
any attempt on his life would endanger a well-known politician .	an attempt at his disposal would necessarily threaten a familiar policy .
there is not way a ghost would know .	there 's no way the spirit might know .
this is delicious .	it 's wonderful .
it took all this for you to tell me that you love me .	just after everything that happened , you told me you loved me .
i used to work at the hydroelectric station in roznow ...	i 've been working on a hydroelectric plant in the ...
that 's horrible .	this is terrible .
there were other responsibilities as well .	he had other duties .
the financial crisis ... means you have to stimulate the economy that much ?	financial crisis ... ... does it mean you ca n't contribute an economy ?
they suspected me of being al-qaeda .	they thought i belonged to al-qaeda .
it functions like an atomic reactor .	it works as a nuclear reactor .
good morning , darling .	hello , my dear .
this is number 6 .	that 's six .
i 'm going after that evidence with all possible speed .	i 'll go after the proof as quickly as possible .
because i shot his boy , i guess .	probably 'cause i shot that kid .
they had practical exams as well .	there were practical tests , though .
likola 's renown slowly grew .	licks of tumbleweed swelled slowly .
to obtain these weapons ?	get the guns ?
acquisitions and mergers looking a little stodgy ?	the acquisition and merger does n't look a bit undigestible ?
i can not believe that she is guilty of such abominable crimes ...	i ca n't believe it 's guilt in such vile crimes .
thanks a lot , i 'm ...	thank you very much , i ...
as the air has become full of perfume	the air is saturated with smell
in breathless expectancy i waited , when finally the great door moved softly toward me and slid quietly to one side .	with a heavy breath , i waited - and , really , the huge door began to move slowly toward me , sliding silently sideways .
anybody see them talking ? '	has anyone seen them ? ``
once almost fatally .	after nearly deadly .
sl ozemljiti posodo in opremo za sprejem tekočine .	sl userpa uporabiti predpisano osebno .
mr shahbandar awaits your presence .	mr. shahbandar is expecting you .
what a wonderful thought !	what an amazing idea !
it was , andreas thought , like walking unexpectedly into the cinema and watching a spy film and knowing what was happening just on pure instinct .	andreas felt as if he had suddenly entered the cinema , watched the spy film , and knew only an ordinary instinct had brought him to it .
this is silly .	it 's stupid .
duplicate detection rule publication	publishing the duplicate search rules
the member states will have to send information regarding this income as from 2015 .	for those revenue , member states should pass on the information starting in 2015 .
there , he came across afghan adventurers , ... who took him with them to steal soviet missiles .	that 's where the afghans caught him , who made him go steal the warheads of soviet missiles .
for this test , though , they fed him increased doses of the spice and he sensed the awakening of his true self .	but they gave him an extra dose of melange during this trial , and his real self woke him up .
this is no toy .	it 's not a toy .
you tell miss thwaites ... that your mistress is sorry , but she 's not well enough to see her .	tell miss thwaitesthat the lady apologizes , but she does n't feel well and ca n't accept it .
the handle is 1 inch long , 2.6 inches wide ... ... 0.7 inches thick , each side is 1.5 inches .	the handle has 2.5 cm and 6 cm in width , is 1.75 cm thick , with 3.8 cm on each side .
you can also have mashed potatoes without sausages ! mmm .	or just mashed potatoes , no sausage .
why does mr carson let you do that ?	why did mr. carson fix this for you ?
she does n't feel so good .	she 's not feeling well .
it 's about now that papa usually fetches his gun .	and right now , papi 's usually going for a gun .
it had to stay closed , unzipped , or else she 'd go completely psychotic .	he must have stayed the whole , unpeeled , otherwise completely psychotic .
damn it , you lost him ! i have not lost him !	he has n't lost !
in an old hat and an old jerkin ; a pair of old breeches thrice turned ; with an old mothy saddle and stirrups of different families .	he had an old hat , a quilt ; the old self-worth ; the moli had eaten his saddle and the stirrups in a ditch collected .
the picture of that south vietnamese officer blowing that fella 's brains out of the side of his head , whammo !	a picture of that officer from south vietnam with a bullet-proof head .
hilda immediately answered , `` because of delays , a short roll call for space .	hilda replied immediately : `` we will only make a short trip to the cosmos for the delay .
shapeshifter blood has a bigger kick to it , more power .	the blood of the shapeshifters has bigger grads , he 's stronger .
the knuckles of the hand were beginning to enlarge with arthritis ; the forearm was heavily veined , marked with liver spots .	his hands were beginning to widen his arthritis ; his forearms were laced with veins and liver stains .
art , that 's special .	but art is exceptional .
kuan your sis just walked into the gynecology clinic	kuan , your sister was in a gynecology clinic .
part of it was just luck that we ran across something that he 'd missed , or could n't get access to .	in part , we were lucky to get into something he had failed to or what he had n't gained access to .
oh , dad was never that emotional when were were growing up .	dad 's never been this sensitive when we grew up .
not the whole word . just the letter .	not a word , only letters .
it was intended for an elven warrior-that much the vision of galaphile had revealed .	he was the designated elf-warrior-so many of galaphil 's visions .
the interesting thing is that from the beginning of 80s two tens of musicians have changed off in the brumerova prouza and subsequently in the prouza .	interestingly , since the early 1980s , in brumer prouz , and then even proud have been replaced by two dozen musicians .
is it healing okay ?	does it heal well ?
sorry about this , everyone .	i 'm really sorry .
i thought it was .	i think he is .
well , the terrain 's not easy .	the road wo n't be easy .
with coffee i need a cigarette .	i have to smoke for coffee .
the lead dragon had pulled up in mid-air , hovering on his great wings .	the leading dragon did n't come forward , just floating , drifting through the air on the melted mighty wings .
so you bring me to your bed chamber ?	so you 're bringing me into my bedroom ?
you never knew about this ?	you did n't know ?
do you wan na have a seat ?	you want to sit down ?
might see some letters or somethin ' .	maybe you 'll find some letters .
mr. cassini has drawn up some beautiful sketches .	mr cassini sketched out some superb suggestions .
it could be that it 's all sheer animal instinct .	in fact , all of this can only be animal instincts .
there is only this moment .	it 's just this moment
vince , mandy 3:00 .	mandy at 3 o'clock .
my name is andy , '' and then he put his email .	my name 's andy . `` and then i got my e-mail .
somebody must have moved it .	someone had to move him .
he has to be reinitialized .	it must be reinstalled .
my stomach 's kind of feeble today .	i have a weak stomach today .
i 'm thinking two weeks .	how about two weeks ?
they had almost caught jake here , snared him in some kind of mind-trap , but once again jake had been clever enough and brave enough to get through .	nearly there , jake was caught , trapped in a kind of brain trap , but jake again showed so much cleverness and bravery that he had passed .
why have you moved these weapons ?	why are you carrying out the guns ?
a struggle began in mrs. price ridley 's ample black bosom .	in full bosom , mrs price ridley started the fight .
they also began to laugh .	they laughed , too .
so you 're not even gon na consider this ?	you do n't want to even consider it ?
the king leaves for the outpost within the hour .	the king will be out in an hour .
my competition 's getting more ferocious ...	my competition is getting pretty wild .
it 's probably a defense move 'cause you ca n't hit a girl with glasses .	i guess he 's got 'em for defense , ' cause girls with glasses ai n't gon na beat nobody .
yuki , take out ... ... the 3rd bridge .	yuki , get rid of this third bridge .
white , like their own .	as white as theirs .
jealous is what you 're gon na be , because this dawg has been released from his cage and is back on the prowl !	you 'll be jealous ' cause your black buddy was blown out of his cage and he 's back on the hunt !
combine one with the other , you just doubled your price .	put it together with another only doubles their price .
he 'll freeze .	it will be freezing .
fear for quaan and amatin disrupted his concentration .	the fear of qaana and amatin prevented him from focusing .
guidance , counselling and job search – welcome session , occupational guidance and profiling :	management , consulting and search for jobs - preliminary meetings , professional counselling and training :
i'ma call 'em in the morning .	i 'll call them tomorrow morning .
a ship that flies .	the ship is flying .
it 's made of the finest caprican cloth , warm in winter , cooling in summer .	it heats up in winter , cold in summer , you 'd look great on you .
the consumer could therefore buy products that are more expensive but will hold their value better over time .	the consumer should therefore be able to obtain products at a higher purchase price with a longer amortisation period .
well , now , wait , uh , our agreement was that we got ten windmills for ten percent of the crops .	so wait ... our deal was we get 10 mill and you 10 % crop .
do n't you understand ? it 's an emergency .	this is an emergency !
restricted access requested at northwest wing .	permission granted for access in the north-west wing .
you got weak wrists .	your wrist is weak .
not late surely ? '	is n't it too late ? ``
you 'll pray for time on your own !	you 'll be praying you 'll have a moment for yourself .
both his legs like hamburger , shredded to shit .	both legs chopped up like meat at hamburgers .
checked out any potential threats .	and they controlled possible threats .
'dun esterik is fifty-one , ' sarvaj commented .	'dust esticide is twenty-one , 'sarvaj observed .
an appeal against the decision was lodged by tv2 ’ s competitor mtg/viasat .	it appealed against that decision by rival mtg / viasat .
it is going to see the fiancée of dad .	he 's going to check on dad 's girlfriend .
leestemaker/a . smid nl aardappelkweekbedrijf maatschap boerhave nl-dronten aardappelweekbedrijf ijsselmeerpolders b.v .	nl-leeuwarden g.c . kistemaker / dr. r.j. mansholt 's veredelingsbedrijf b.v .
you were living with two very distinct identities all along .	you 've lived with completely different identities the whole time .
this service permits its users to receive , via the internet , ‘ live ’ streams of free-to-air television broadcasts .	these services allow users to receive `` live '' via the internet 's free tv broadcast .
even so , i never moved a muscle .	still , i did n't move the only muscle .
one time at my lab , a petri dish of genetically modified super-virus went missing .	once in the lab , we lost petri 's dish with a genetically engineered supervirus .
the breeding of bísaro pigs is of vital importance , whether to maintain traditional production systems or to maintain the family business on small farms .	the rearing of pigs `` impoverishment is critical to maintaining traditional production systems even for '' family enterprises `` presented by these small holdings .
we 're just having some trouble getting ahold of their boat .	we just have a little trouble connecting with their ship .
`` search every room . '	`` search everything ! ''
hmm . that 's not easy to find .	and you wo n't find it easy .
florimond desprez bp 41 , 59242 templeuve , capelle en pevele , fr i.n.r.a. , agri-obtention s.a .	apdo . oficial , 46113 moncada , valencia , ec advanta iberica sa apdo .
you got a tissue sample from a visitor 's skin ?	did you get any samples from the visitors ' skin ?
- they 're not gon na stop .	they do n't stop ...
diagram of the steering equipment as a whole , showing the position on the vehicle of the various devices influencing its steering behaviour : …	schematic drawing of the complete control mechanism with the location of different equipment on the vehicle which is affected by the steering control : ...
so these things are generally attended by old southern ladies ?	so does this sort of thing go mainly for southern old ladies ?
crazy people are n't afraid of anybody .	fools do n't fear anyone .
we believe he had illicit financial dealings prior to his death .	we believe he made some illegal transactions before he died .
even convicted criminals could not be excluded from the birthright lotteries .	even convicted criminals were not allowed out of the lottery. ``
if you only once had said that you love me .	for once , you could have told me you loved me .
we 're all liable to be dead within six hours of landing unless that woman can save us .	we can all be killed six hours after the landing , if the woman does n't save us. ``
grant could feel her shudder .	grant felt himself tremble .
how should we proceed when booking a reward ticket ?	how do we get bonus tickets on our reservation ?
you are n't supposed to hunt big game with a handgun .	you have nothing to hunt for large animals of handgun .
it seems that our friend has chosen .	looks like our friend chose him .
or coffee ? because i know cops drink coffee with donuts .	the cops have coffee and doughnuts .
we 'll meet again ?	can i see you again ?
thanks mister ! bye !	thank you , sir !
it was left by a girl we used to have .	there 's one girl we had .
we could have coffee at your parents ' on a sunday , instead ?	and on sunday we would go out with your parents for coffee .
mama never explained why she would have someone taste my food .	mama did n't explain to me why somebody tasted my food .
bank für arbeit und wirtschaft und österreichische postsparkasse aktiengesellschaft seitzergasse2-4 1010 wenen e bayerische hypo- und vereinsbank a.g .	am tucherpark16 80538 münchen e bayerische landesbank ( bayernlb )
i assume it 's to do coke .	i 'm assuming cocaine .
but if he dresses up as a salmon he 'll still be a dickhead .	however , if he dresses for the salmon , it will always be just one and the same prick .
`` just that grant was out of the way and everything was all right . ''	`` only grant 's clean , and everything 's going well . ''
does he want gun detectors and searching kids ' bags ?	does it want to have weapons detectors and search the children 's backpacks ?
`` you did n't just forget about watching it .	`` you have not only forgotten to be careful .
running through a canopy of trees .	it 's right through the trees .
not interested at all ?	are n't you even interested ?
shetook a fall at a gymnastics meet , but this is not a sports injury .	she fell into the gymnasium competition , but it is not a sporting injury .
have you seen what she 's drawn underneath her desk ?	did you see what she wrote under the table ?
and an other bill has been repealed as well .	and the other motion was canceled .
baa weep grahna weep ninny bong .	bah weep granah weep nini bong !
yakubovich , pavel izotovich якубович павел изотович september 23 , 1946 editor-in-chief of “ sovietskaia belarus ”	jakubovic , pavel izotovic japanese
another couple of seconds , and i shudder to think what i would have looked like .	a few seconds left and i tremble at the thought of how i might look .
up until this point , i had nothing on amanda .	until now , i did n't know anything about amanda .
all of this space , and you still sleep on a division recruit bed .	there 's so much room and you 're still sleeping on the bed that the recruits are sleeping on .
mark felt the same way .	mark had a similar feeling .
an outing with father ?	out with my dad ?
i 'm getting an ice pack .	i 'll get you some ice .
`` criminals on saint martin ''	criminals at st martin 's
it 's the notion of manipulating children into buying the products .	it 's in how they manipulate kids to buy products .
we are at peace with sayshell . ''	we live in peace with sayshell. ``
these spells are dark ... and dangerous and they are to be avoided at all costs .	the magic is dark and dangerous , and you should be able to avoid them at any cost .
let 's defend our village .	we have to defend this village !
his wife 's coming in this afternoon .	his wife will be here today .
they do n't walk and talk by themselves .	she does n't go out and talk alone .
this is really a three-dimensional camera .	that 's a real 3d camera .
the tall soldiers of nyjord moved in ready obeyance of their commander .	the tall nyjord troops were on the move as directed by their commander .
how is she gon na swallow pills when she ca n't even swallow water ?	how do you swallow a pill if you do n't even get water ?
i saw this earlier .	i 've seen it before .
he 's wanted by the world court for war crimes .	he is seeking an international war crimes tribunal .
wo n't be me looking silly , it 'll be somebody else .	i 'm not going to look stupid , that 's someone else .
results from simulation testing on degradation in soil ;	( b ) the results of simulating decomposition tests in the soil ;
but the girl never moved , sitting silently , motionlessly in the night , head lowered in shadow , eyes closed .	the girl did not move , silent and motionless in the dark with her head bowed , her eyes closed .
you got ta get out .	you have to go .
you can save all of ...	you 'll save everyone .
i assumed it was drinks 'cause tom said he saw evan walking into some bar .	i thought they 'd gone for a drink , for tom said he had seen evan entering the bar .
something about a photograph ?	something for the photo ?
his overt pain was fading .	the obvious pain subsided .
he has clearly been preoccupied with other matters .	he 's obviously taken aback by other issues .
the argument command accepts no parameters .	command argument does not accept any ancillary variables .
anything exciting happen ?	nothing interesting happened ?
the sail is half hoisted and is not moving .	the sails are lifted on the half and wo n't move .
but the accommodations are most comfortable .	but accommodation is luxurious .
that 's got ta hurt .	that must have hurt !
there 's a lot of gender differences ;	there 's much difference between the sexes ,
broken water jugs , exactly the same kind the expedition would 've used !	broken water containers , exactly what they were using expeditions .
it 's obvious the man 's being rash .	obviously , he 's a rash .
before we knew it , she leaped onto a leather belt and was running in place like mad , snapping toward a pair of cringing urs husbands .	before we recovered , she leapt to one of the solders and ran to the scene like crazy , snapping at a couple of screaming urrish husbands .
fine tobacco it is ...	it 's good tobacco .
do you think i 'm getting tired ?	are you counting on me to get tired ?
you 're gon na miss your party .	you will be missing your feast .
well , then quit acting like someone took a shit in your cereal bowl , all right ?	okay , stop acting like you 're being sucked into a bowl of cereal , okay ?
`` there is a chamber adjoining yours .	`` there 's one room next to your suite .
use whatever resources are necessary .	enjoy all the resources you need .
what happened to your cornocello ?	where 's your cornicello ?
there 's no carbon in the trachea .	the windpipe does n't contain any carbon .
why -- why should you ... always ask me so ... so stupid questions ?	why do you keep asking me about such silly things ?
you can not think the wonderful secrets which it contains .	you ca n't imagine the amazing secrets they keep .
little eddies of wind-lifted snow swirled away from their skis as they set out toward the main encampment two miles away .	they headed back to camp , two miles away , and a small circle of snow flew from their skis .
'and ... er ... i 'm not burning the chicken any more , so ... '	and ... i do n't burn my chickens anymore , so ...
would you please stop joking around ?	can you stop with the jokes ?
de einige minuten lang behutsam mit wasser ausspülen .	de bei contact mit der haut : in kaltes wasser tauchen / nassen verband anlegen .
i stole it from a friend .	i took it to one of your friends .
five bits on the kid .	5 pieces per boy !
what perfume so unpleasant .	what an unpleasant smell !
has he fulfilled the duties of a son ?	has he done his duty to his son ?
lyova , it 's alive .	ljova , she lives .
it 's a game show ! -they do n't go by fucking sports rules !	there are no sports rules here !
sorry , i wish i could help him with that ...	i 'm sorry . i wanted to take care of him .
four hours remained to us before the sun could be observed with advantage .	there were four hours left by the time we could use the sun 's observations .
inwardly this made him smile , although he had little to smile about .	he smiled to himself , though he did n't have much to laugh about .
direct transmission , without a specific legal right , is unlawful in all circumstances . ’	direct admission , without special legal grounds , is inadmissible under any circumstances. ``
do n't get fuckin ' smart !	do n't be so fucking smart .
are you calling my writing a joke ?	does it mean i write jokes ?
opportunity list by sales stage	list of opportunities by the sale phase
he 'll just fucking let her go !	she 's gon na let her out !
got ta , uh ... we got ta see somebody else .	we have to ... ... we have to go to someone else .
the user which has received the licence can then send that data to collecting societies which will use it to accurately distribute royalties between the right holders .	the user who obtained the licence may submit such data to the occ , which will use them for accurate distribution of copyright holders .
six months ago , paegas had 35 per cent of the market against eurotel 's 75 per cent .	half year ago , paegas covered 35 % of the territory compared to 75 % covered by the eurotel .
dad licked mum 's hand ... and that 's how alice was born .	the father liked his mother ... and so was alice .
well , sorry for being sorry .	so ... i 'm sorry to apologize .
but the strength was leaching away from connavar .	but connavaro was already out of power .
laddie , stop your nonsense and get back behind me .	kid , stop being silly and stand up for me .
is this a legal argument .	that 's some legal argument ...
you did ... not , surprise me a cute surprise .	no , it just surprised me .
each sublingual tablet contains 15 micrograms sufentanil ( as	how to store zalviso 15 micrograms sublingual tablets
all hands . battle stations .	everyone to battle stations !
elisabethstrasse 8 , at-1220 gross-enzersdorf asmus sören petersen streichmühlerstrasse 8a , d-24977 grundhof saatzucht firlbeck gmbh & co johann firlbeckstrasse 20 , d-94384 atting advanta seeds b.v .	p.o . box 88 , 8600 ab joure , netherlands hybro saatzucht gmbh & co.kg lusshardtsiedlung 1 , 76669 bad schönborn , germany j. joordens ' zaadhandel b.v .
peripheral oedemag , fatigue , pyrexia , face oedemah asthenia , pain , chest pain , generalised oedema*i , chills malaise , other superficial oedemaj gait disturbance	diarrhoea , vomiting , nausea , abdominal pain , gastrointestinal haemorrhage * , colitis ( including neutropenic colitis ) , gastritis ( including neutropenic colitis ) , gastritis
i told her i wo n't go to school no matter what anyone said ...	i 'm not going back to school , no matter what he says .
if you get scared , your power of flight disappears .	once you feel the fear , the ability to fly will disappear .
it 's laughable .	guys , this is ridiculous .
failed to move state down .	the condition can not be moved down .
then you have just inherited his responsibility as chief medical officer .	in that case , you 're the chief medical officer now .
it was bounday .	he had inhibitions .
it 's mostly work stuff .	mostly things to do .
did it make you feel shitty ?	do you feel ugly about this ?
pitching scouts had started to come to his games , from cincinnati , saint louis .	the pitcher was just starting a game , cincinnati against st. louis .
that had to be our first priority .	this must have been our main priority .
created during wwi to help wounded vets .	world wars to help injured veterans .
not guilty or innocent !	it 's not guilt or innocence .
leave her to marry with a man of her age , one that can grow with her .	let her marry someone at her age so they can develop together .
there was nothing more for grey to say .	grey could n't say anything else .
and apart from that i am not painting at the moment .	besides , i 'm not painting right now .
unable to save opportunity object	the opportunity object could not be saved .
1 , h-4600 kisvárda budapesti közgazdaságtudományi és államigazgatási egyetem kertészettudományi kar villányi u .	breun gdbr amselweg 1 , d-91074 herzogenaurach saatzucht firlbeck kg rinkam strasse 20 , d-94348 atting schweiger weizen gebr .
there is a light coming from behind that door .	the light comes out from under the door .
hi ! lover , go one-on-one on me tonight ?	hello lover , do you want to have me for yourself today ?
birds and flowers and peacock 's wings , sequined gowns and birds that sing !	franks and dollars and paver pens , flirty gowns and birds singing .
take that , granny !	here you go , grandma !
i 'm happy thay you have returned :	i 'm glad you came back .
these would normally be considered similar ;	such substances are commonly treated as similar ;
should i try telling him a fantastic joke ?	you want me to tell him a great joke ?
if you get caught ... ... your mum 'll kill me .	if they catch you , my mom will kill me .
he has n't got anything !	he 's got nothing .
without a knife and fork ?	no knives and forks ?
drone could have been targeting a beacon .	drone might have targeted the transmitter .
mom , do my clothes embarrass you ?	are you ashamed of how i dress , mama ?
i 'm gon na kill ...	i 'll kill you .
he says she could be a bit sore .	he said he might be a little irritated .
ah , that wo n't work with wells .	it 's not going to work , wells .
now that 's how you kill your mother .	this is how your own mother is killed .
124 cluj napoca românia s.c. terapia s.a .	les laboratoires servier , 50 , rue carnot 92284 suresnes cedex france gedeon richter romavnia s. and .
so i made a decision ... to give them nothing .	so i decided , i 'm not giving them anything .
does it watch and think , wait for its chances , pick its moments ?	watching and thinking , waiting for his chance , choosing his moment ?
everybody drinks coffee when they 're a senior .	they all drink coffee in the quarter .
keep his ass off of me .	keep the fuck away from me !
i got ta catch my flight .	i have a plane to catch .
dr. guttman , ben dror 's meds have to be updated .	dr. guttman , would you look at ben drora 's medication ?
my curiosity would get me killed someday .	curiosity will kill me one day .
there is somebody .	someone 's coming .
`` the sight that greeted my eyes left me speechless , '' winters recalled .	the sight i saw took my breath away , `` win-ers recalls .
who 's your friend , dad ?	who was the gentleman , father ?
we 've just recently learned there were six original cases , with three of them surviving .	only now did we find out that initially it was six cases of which three people survived .
the army turned him down because of his criminal record .	the military has rejected it for a record in a criminal record .
this was because these ppas took retrofitting into account , thereby leading to higher fixed costs .	this is due to the fact that ddd treated the ddd to retrofit , which led to higher costs .
i have seen you start and finish a spitball competition ...	i saw you start over and finish the spitting contest .
there are more than 200 of them .	there were over two hundred .
it 's stunning .	this is amazing !
fortunately , we have had a cancellation .	fortunately , someone canceled the order .
get me away from it . bastards !	leave me out of this , you bastards !
moreover , many once common species show population declines .	in addition , population reductions are manifested in numerous once-normal species .
nobody here drinks that dry vodka .	no one drinks this with us .
it is aimed at him from the darkened press box .	he 's headed for him from a darkened press booth .
stellamccartney 's gon na kill herself .	stellamccartney will be killed .
yabu slashed once more at the twitching corpse .	yabu took another seep into the twitching body .
like laughing and pointing .	they laugh and show .
so we 're still on for the marina at 4:00 ?	is he still at 4 : 00 at marina 's ?
right normal factor semidirect product	real natural factor of semi-direct action
italian meal descending .	italian food is on the way !
instead you make me come look for you and here you are sneaking around with strangers in places you are not supposed to be .	instead , i 'm looking for you here , and you 're hiding here with some stranger in a place where you should n't be .
how 's your chicken ?	is this chicken good ?
since then i 've been working on an approach that combines cybernetics and regeneration .	well , he has since worked on a method that combines cyber and regeneration .
refresh updates this location to display recently added templates	update the update 's location so
we are professional and --	we 're professionals and ...
‘ very well , my apologies , fräulein föener . ’	`` all right , i 'm sorry , fraulein foener . ''
jake felt pushed instead of pulled .	but jake felt more pressured than he was pulling .
it 's sales day today .	there 's a sale today !
'what answer did you give him ? ' she asked .	`` what have you answered ? '' she demanded .
and it 's going to cost you something extra .	that will cost you , but something more .
think that ship might 've sailed ...	i think the ship has sailed .
the town no longer seemed familiar .	the city did n't look familiar .
you 've started by very nearly missing it .	you almost missed out on the start .
you say you might go to the company ?	are you saying you could contact the firm ?
girlfriend might not be so bad .	a girl would n't be that bad .
should i be prepared to do press ?	should i prepare myself for journalists ?
i 'll wear the golden bracelet with the green stone until the very end .	i 'll still be wearing a necklace with that green rock .
what 's the meaning ?	what does it mean ?
national authorities should apply various follow-up techniques in parallel and should not limit their activities to only one of them .	at the same time , national authorities should carry out various follow-up steps and should not focus solely on one activity .
there it is .	we 're here .
oh , my gosh , doc , that 's awesome !	god , doctor , this is amazing !
how did the book know all that ?	how can this book be known ?
topside we 've got the bridge , the minisub , an old chopper ... and all kinds of radar and sonar and underwater movie gadgets .	there 's a bridge , a mini-sub , an old helicopter ... and all sorts of radars , sonnets and serecards to film under water .
so this is about traffic lights ?	so it 's a traffic light ?
it 's dark in there . really dark .	inside there is a dark mood .
why do popular and elite perceptions of globalization clash ?	why does a broad view of globalization conflict with the sight of elites ?
i used to work in these old movie theaters .	i was after the old cinema .
sweet girl , too .	she was a nice girl .
and this house that you 'd live in- - cabana .	so the house in which you live -- - chatka .
he panics when it comes to gas , but gas does n't bother me a bit .	he 's panicking when the gas comes in , and i do n't care about gas .
god yes , fuck me !	oh , my god .
the figure below shows that cross-border exchanges have increased markedly since the end of the 1990 's , the start of the market opening process .	as the following chart shows , the cross-border exchange has grown significantly since the late 1990 `` s , when markets started to open .
tel : +385 1 600 34 00	sverige sanofi ab tel : + 46 ( 0 ) 8 634 50 00
it trickled from his ghastly face .	she crinkled him in tiny droplets along his frighteningly hideous face .
never could save anything .	there was nothing to save .
just kiss it . here you go .	come on , kiss !
that 's twice this week this bum has been late .	for the second time in a week , that bum is late .
moving towards a technical inter-operable environment .	transition to a technically interoperable environment .
this thing 's got an arrow .	it 's gon na be like an arrow !
oh , grandfather , come on .	grandpa , let 's go .
what 's the cia 's read on the rwa ?	what information does the cia have about zar ?
had he been seen ?	did they see him ?
furthermore , national provisions are allowed to exist alongside union provisions .	in addition , national rules may exist in parallel with union rules .
our mutual speed dealer said to us one day ,	our joint dealer of speed told us once .
we should go into the woods a ways on the left side of the road just ahead .	there 's a way to the left in the woods over there .
how come nobody 's buying brawndo the thirst mutilator ?	how does no one buy brawndo , the londoner ?
wo n't bite ya .	he 's not gon na bite you .
tanaka ! oh ... god !	oh , my god .
second lesson of the day ...	today 's second lesson .
this siege could go on for days , if the constabulary takes no action to stop it .	this state of siege may take days if the crew does not waver .
he did n't have your luck .	he 's not so lucky .
let 's get into bed	come to bed .
football 's in play .	the ball is in the game .
that had n't happened to him before .	he 's never done that before .
aye , they have arms and legs enough between them , and are three of the silliest girls in england .	yes , they 've got all their hands and feet , and they 're three of england 's dumbest girls .
they will not harm you . ''	he wo n't hurt you . '
she pours brandy in old flint snifters , and as he reaches , their fingers touch .	he 's pouring a brandy into his old rifle glass when he reaches out for her , touching the fingers .
who said to us ,	which he told us
has mrs. leonard indicated in any way that she plans on discontinuing her medication if she leaves here ?	in some way , did mrs. leonard suggest she was n't planning on taking the medication after she left ?
a cautious reconnaissance showed him that police were staked out all through the ruins .	the cautious patrol confirmed that the police were in control of the entire area of the ruins .
it has no morality of its own .	she herself has no morals or remorse .
the magazine girls did n't have tiny hairs growing out of their areolae , either .	the girls from the magazines also did n't grow the delicate hairs around the nipple .
that was supposed to happen few days later .	that should have happened in a few days .
he 's ... nobody .	it 's no one .
filling in an exit permit ... with 2 children .	he 's going to fill out a warrant to leave ... with two kids .
mac wants the what ?	what does he want ?
in most any family , she 'd be a hero .	every family would have her for a heroine .
rotate still image 45 degrees counter-	turn the static picture of 45 degrees in
keep station ten thousand klicks away .	stay within ten thousand kilometers of us .
exploding is a perfectly normal medical phenomenon .	the explosions belong in medicine to completely normal phenomena .
# lord , lord ! go on , pass the hat , will ya ? #	sir , lord , give me your hat .
i was paid to test their isotopes .	they paid me for testing isotopes .
geiss is awake !	geiss woke up ?
rosie found herself able to imagine the bull all too well , a vast animal with a bristly hide and thick black shoulders humping grimly above its dropped head .	rosie found himself quite capable of imagining the bull , a sprawling animal with shiny hair and broad strokes , looming menacingly over his lowered head .
el capítulo « cooperación con terceros países » del programa ha sido muy solicitado en comparación con los fondos disponibles .	der har i forpaid til de available midler vćret mange ansřgninger til det afsnit af programmet , der vedrrer `` samarbegoes honey tredjelande .
i 'm hoping to work it out and i know that i can	i hope i can do it , i know i can do it , but i need you , i need a foothold .
perhaps it would be better if we talked alone .	maybe we should discuss her alone .
microinjecting dna hereditary information into a single cell .	microinjects inherited dna from individual cells .
it might explode too .	it could also be blown .
this produced a few stiff chuckles , which only encouraged him .	that raised some stiff smirks that only cheered him up .
`` over that time , many ships disappeared under mysterious circumstances .	`` a lot of ships have disappeared since then .
they 're usually outside .	he 's usually out there !
but for gimli the dwarf you would have been lost then .	if it were n't for gimli 's midget , you 'd be lost .
aaand being that we are all big mel gibson film fans , we thought maybe you could help us .	and since we 're fans of your films , we thought you might be able to help us .
the green water of the bay slid past the hull almost unwrinkled and slowly altered to an unruly blue as they entered the mainstream of the river .	the green water , almost imperilled by the boat 's hull , slowly turned into a wild blue .
that is precisely why nobody must tell my story but me .	that 's exactly why i have to tell the story and no one else .
he 'll bleed into his brain !	he 's bleeding into the brain .
beware ... your mother 's vengeful hounds from hell .	your mother is haunted by the wrath of hell .
fuck off , you meddling cunt ! !	get out , you stupid bitch !
a ziegevolk eats toads , which gives them a kind of psycho-hallucinogenic influence over people .	the ziegevolks eat toads , it gives them some kind of psycho-destructive effect on humans .
and regning supreme ... the emperor .	and the highest ruler - the emperor !
is she moving in slow motion , or is my brain doing that ?	does he really move in a slowing down or does my brain do it ?
not those napkins for the lorilleux .	do n't give lorilleux these napkins .
and have you done any writing yourself ?	did you write anything personally ?
actually , it seems you know a hell of a lot .	in fact , you seem to know quite a bit .
but it 's not possible for a patient who 's never been to africa to have african sleeping sickness .	how do you explain that a patient who was never in africa got sleep sickness ?
i 'm looking for ice cream .	do you know where the ice cream is ?
that 's some badass justice .	this is harsh justice .
joseph , let the marquess take a seat .	let the marquis sit down for you .
everybody 's life is still worth saving ?	is every life worthy of the rescue ?
it would be foolhardy to send the men without the wagons , the big guns --	it 's not reasonable to send men without cars and heavy weapons ...
the lord lift up his countenance upon thee and give thee peace .	god will see you from heights and give your soul peace .
you talk about loyalty ...	i 'm talking about loyalty .
can i please have a tequila and pineapple and , um , one of those things of sweet potato fries ?	i could ask for tequila with pineapple and something with these sweet chips .
i wonder what makes him think that .	i wonder why he thinks so .
`` nobody looks like this , not even you . ''	no one looks like that . `` neither do you .
someone locate the building engineer . officer :	get a construction engineer .
cut up a perfect gem ?	cut the perfect jewel !
this is like if tyson fought an infant .	that 's like tyson boxing as a kid .
3 billion new minds who have never been heard from before are connecting to the global conversation .	the $ 3 billion new brain , which no one has ever heard of , will join a worldwide conversation .
with your pretty little agent dead or alive ?	is miss agent going to die or not ?
he was the despair of the police .	the police were desperate for him .
maybe it 's the rejection .	maybe you feel rejected .
all around them , the noises of the court were rising again , demanding notice for the things of everyday life .	the noise was all over them again ; people demanded to keep an eye on their daily lives .
never show up here again !	do n't ever come out here !
portrait photos are not subject to any lesser degree of copyright protection .	the portrait photographs do not experience less protection .
what 's that ? the bag in the hallway ?	whose bag is this ?
have any americans been hurt , or are they being targeted ?	were they attacked or wounded by the americans ?
it goes without saying that you are not to investigate your own abduction . understood ?	i do n't have to say you do n't investigate your own kidnapping , do you understand ?
you merely think you did .	you just thought it .
got captain manning , lieutenant novak ,	it 's captain manning .
okay okay ! calm --	hey , hey , calm down .
what kinda cake is it ?	how about some cake ?
bacillus thuringiensis subsp . aizawai strain :	no sd-1372 , kmen :
it meant that she had not been able to control her subordinate in a meeting .	it meant she could n't handle her subordinates during the work briefing .
‘ not too well muscled . ’	`` no smysl o tom dál dál mluvit , '' francis said wearily .
friday , i was invited to a --	they invited me on friday ...
this guy did ten laps .	he 's got ten rounds .
we 've been through them twice , - backward and forward .	we went backwards two times .
4th street bridge , he 's gon na have him drop it over the side .	a bridge on the fourth , i 'm sure he 'll let it slide down .
demographic change comes after what is known in demographic terms as ‘ demographic transition ’ .	demographic changes build on a period that demographics calls a `` demographic transition . ''
she be a fine speech there , laddie .	it 's a really good speech , mate .
gruntle barked a laugh .	gruntle burst out laughing .
he nursed me after i got beat up by ruffians .	he took care of me when some bully beat me up .
relax . slow down .	take it easy .
he looked up and saw navot gazing dubiously at him through his spindly modern eyeglasses .	when he looked up , he noticed that he was staring doubtfully at him from behind his narrow , super-modern glasses .
next of kin been notified ?	relatives have been informed ?
look at me , for example !	take an example of me .
a friend of my mother 's .	she was friends with her mother .
you listen to him at the peril of your souls . ''	by listening to him , you bring your souls into peril. ``
`` on the morning of the eviction , a hard knock on the door woke me up .	`` that morning we were evicted by a heavy knocking at the door .
his breathing was slow and steady through the snorkel .	slowly and calmly he breathed a snorkel .
they 're all well-written with boiler-plate legal language mixed in throughout , and yet this guy can barely speak english .	they are all well written , standard , via the legal language , and the man is barely able to speak english so far .
now we have to find another planet .	`` another planet must be found .
i 'm not a ...	i do n't have any ...
this , however , would hardly be fair to an outlaw who had been fair to him .	but that would not have been a fair hearing for an outlaw who treated him honestly .
postbus 98 , 2685 zh poeldijk , nl j. goosen nl-nieuwediep hubbard seeds and supply co .	driesstraat 72-74 tielt , belgië stine seed co .
so , how 's everybody 's evening ?	so , what was the night like ?
he came back , warming it against his belly to revive it quickly .	he returned and warmed to her stomach to revive her .
possibility number one ... it 's the password for a murderous underground snake-handling fight club .	option 1 - it 's a password to a secret fight club where they have snakes .
hausen waited a long time before answering .	hausen had long hesitated to answer .
she raises her sharp proboscis and squeaks angrily .	the moth picks up its sharp socket and yells angrily .
when the nightingalesings like you	when a nightingale sings like yours
and i 'm gon na teach people the meaning of loyalty in a language they will understand -- complicated legalese .	and i 'll teach those people my loyalty to a language that he understands ... in a complicated legal language .
i 'll go with you i wo n't go !	i 'm not going !
beat it , you fucking bitch !	come on , you goddamn whore !
they are all made up of rage .	everyone is created out of anger !
it ai n't your hat , bitch .	that 's not your boy , motherfucker .
transportation hubs are prepped and set .	traffic nodes are ready .
where is he , you son of a bitch ?	where 's the fucking bastard ?
poincaré conjecture or fermat 's last theorem .	'uniform conjecture 'or ' latest fermat 'sentence .
this is stuff which might be useful in trying to find dad , like a map .	well , these are things that might be useful for finding your father , for example the map .
today we 've got fish soup ...	we have fish soup you like .
usually naked on one of the newer younger employees .	mostly naked with a new guy , especially a younger employee .
i 'm aware of his condition .	his condition is known to me .
this animal is only a means .	the animal is merely an instrument .
was the , uh , night of the engagement party -- uh , when it ended , at about 10:00 .	that was ... that night we threw an engagement party , after he finished , around 10 : 00 .
so how are you doing ?	how 's it going ?
many of the things i 've seen have challenged my faith and my belief in an ordered universe .	a lot of things i saw did n't match my beliefs and beliefs about the universe .
god , you 're easy !	it 's gon na be easy !
we 're gon na go bowling with anthony .	anthony and i are going bowling .
he needs you because of this .	that 's why she needs you .
they ca n't be killed !	you ca n't kill them .
have faith , brackban .	trust me , brackland .
he 's been convinced his stand has been racist .	they convinced him that he had a racist stance .
it is a rejection of three million .	and that 's three million less .
there are two beaters on each team who carry clubs to beat the bludgers away from their side .	and in every team , there are two reflectors with hoards who are driving them away from their teammates .
this name simon probably is n't an alias .	simon 's probably not a nickname .
cool , damp air pushed against my face .	cold and moist air struck me in the face .
we believe that it is mainly metals , in particular iron and nickel .	the metals , specifically iron and nickel , are regarded as its main component .
this will be fast .	it 'll be quick .
wan na see 50 g 's ?	you want to see 50,000 ?
bring those animals who accept this here , he concluded .	bring the animals that will accept it , i have completed .
see , this is all a dream !	it 's all just a dream .
a collection easily built on with one conch shell and three shiny skulls .	collections were easily created from shells and three glossy skulls .
nobody tries for malaysia .	no one wants to go to malaysia .
the size of the volume could not be retrieved	unable to determine volume size
or just some hideously ironic accident ?	or perhaps an outrageously ironic coincidence ?
does the baby love mama ?	does he like mommy ?
he tried looking at women as they passed .	he tried to watch the women running past him .
this is our town .	there 's your city .
they 're not needed .	there 's no need .
i said it 's okay .	i told you we 're fine .
you 've got interviews about fixing the economy tomorrow .	tomorrow you have an interview on the subject of economic problems .
we are not allowed to receive tactical alterations --	we must not accept tactical changes ...
'james , is your father there ? '	james , do you have a father ?
someone else is reading it ?	does anyone else read this ?
how 's the chicken ?	what kind of chicken is that ?
you'il never forget it .	you wo n't be forgotten .
yes , as a matter of fact , but it will cost you 2 million dollars	actually , yeah , and it 's worth $ 2 million .
shit ... yes !	hell ... yeah .
he say our car is gay .	there 's a gay guy in our car ! ``
okay , hang on .	all right , hold up .
have you seen your new roommate disappearing at odd times ?	and you did n't see your roommate disappear from time to time ?
and there 's not a lot of time .	and we do n't have much time .
how are the interviews going ?	how do those talks go ?
just calm down .	now take it easy .
we 're required by law to treat every suicide as a potential homicide .	under the law , we must investigate each suicide as a murder .
your father makes me sick , too ?	i 'm sick of your father .
are those circumstances to be regarded as precluding a policy on gaming which is consistent and systematic within the meaning of the case-law ? ’	should it be considered that those circumstances preclude a policy in relation to a player , which would be coherent and systematic in terms of case-law ? ``
we 've got ta celebrate .	we have to celebrate !
why am i cursed with this feeling for lancelet ?	why do i curse my feelings for iancelot ?
recovery from past dumping has clearly not taken place .	there was clearly no need to overcome the effects of past dumping .
you got it caught .	he 's caught up .
i made no invitation .	i did n't invite you .
your sister has devoted these last weeks to prayer , penance and solitude .	your sister is staying the last week in prayer , on confession .
lyra , it 's them !	lyra , there they are .
can not contact an active directory domain controller	unable to connect with active directory controllers .
`` dammit monster ! you stop bugging my children now ! ''	'damn , monster , stop scaring my kids !
what has dorothy done ?	what did she do ?
i will teach you all that you have forgotten when we get home .	on your way home , i 'll tell you everything you 've forgotten .
contacts inside the underground railroad confirm they helped her get off earth ...	the underground contact confirmed that they had assisted her in escape from the earth .
you 're going to get your wish .	you will go along with your wishes .
he 'll wear a wire ?	will he be wired ?
'it 's somewhat poetic justice	'which is kind of poetic justice ,
you can swap not sleeping in a penthouse ... ... for not sleeping in a mansion .	instead of sleeping in your suite , you ca n't sleep in your mansion .
and the kid will do 7 years in jail for a joint ?	is that guy supposed to end up in jail for seven years for one joint ?
'you mentioned guards ? '	`` have you talked about the guards ? ''
caroline was in shorts and shirt as usual and the bride was dressed in the conventional blue denim trousers and overshirt .	carol was wearing shorts and a t-shirt as always , the bride was wearing jeans and a jacket .
you ca n't put no chicken egg up his ass .	you 're not gon na get that egg in your butt .
she leaves thursday , right afterthe exhibition opens .	he leaves on thursday after the opening of the exhibition .
it appears to be an aggregate structure comprised of hundreds of vessels .	it looks like a pattern composed of thousands of vessels .
costs for non-remunerative investments which are necessary to comply with a commitment may be taken into account in calculating the level of annual support .	the calculation of the amount of the annual aid may also take into account the costs of non-productive investments necessary for the fulfilment of the commitments .
do n't talk to me anymore .	no more talking .
they 're members of caid de cite .	it 's members of the caids des cites .
squawk four-zero-one-niner , over . ''	four-zero-one-nine , over. ``
you wan na try it on ?	do you want to try them ?
they 're beautiful children .	you have beautiful kids .
'get away from me ! ' mccarthy screamed back in a thin , distracted voice .	`` leave me alone ! '' he shouted inside the weak , losing voice of mccarthy .
we might have 3 .	maybe even three .
can you handle this , the state you 're in ?	can you do it in such a condition ?
strange ... , calucifer does n't seem to be there .	weird ... it seems like calucifer 's not here .
i 'd like a piece of bread .	give me some bread .
ok , just take a bell .	all right , bring the bell .
your client is going to get convicted , and he 's gon na get sentenced to the maximum .	your client will be sentenced ... ... and he will be punished .
over a century of houses grouped by sports affiliations , political leanings , majors , you name it .	across the centuries , houses were divided by sporting interests , political opinion , study-based focus , you name them yourself .
they must have a second shoreline .	there must be another coastline .
you said it yourself , sir . whoever killed those people are probably coming back .	you yourself said whoever did this to them is likely to come back .
they see in the night like cats !	at night , he sees as cats
the killing of sister george	how they killed sister charlie
naughty or nice , it was ultimately all the same .	good or bad , the final consequences were the same for him .
twelve seconds and we 're going over !	we 'll be dead in 12 seconds !
room for one more ?	is there still room ?
now , a neighbouring cell , let 's say , has a little bit of a depolarization- so it goes positive .	the adjacent cell is a bit depolarized - it will become positive .
no-one outruns his destiny .	no one escapes their fate .
soaking in an oatmeal bath can soothe a myriad of skin irritations , including insect bites and sunburn .	a bath with added oats helps with skin irritation even in the sting of insects and burns from the sun .
numerous toasts were offered and quaffed , in the wines of france , to the celebrated travellers who had made their names illustrious by their explorations of african territory .	there were many toast to french wine in honour of famous travelers who were famous in africa 's territory .
what 's your sunday look like ? what ?	what are you doing this sunday ?
we take care of ourselves .	we can handle ourselves !
your small tower is under attack .	they 're attacking your little tower .
he coughed blood , puffed himself up ... and toppled like a felled tree !	blood dripped from the mouth of the vampire , his body tensed , and then he fell like a cut-throat !
tongue movement is crucial , so there 's hope .	the movement of language is essential .
this is the old generator for the mine .	that 's an old mining generator .
the 1st stage is the egg .	first phase is eggs .
say five per cent , or my next offer 's four .	5 % and the next offer will be four .
this is how bus stations are .	it 's the bus station .
that 's horrific .	this is appalling .
a short-acting beta-agonist bronchodilator should be available for treatment of possible bronchospasm .	it is necessary to have a beta-agonistic bronchodilatancium with short-term effect for treatment of any bronchospasm .
any crazy person can post an ad , luring unsuspecting innocents into their lair ?	any lunatic who publishes an advert to lure unsuspecting naivees to his lair ?
the picture ... ... georgie 's picture .	what 's going on ? - photos , a photo of georgie .
we 've captured a forward , german trench	we have seized the german trench .
mr. governor , on investigation , many of the reported offenses have been proved minor .	mr governor , an investigation has shown that there has often been minor offences .
at your hotel , man .	in front of the hotel , damn it !
anything in there about not coveting your neighbor 's wife ? and wives honoring their husbands ?	and there 's something about you not asking a woman of your fellow man ... and the fact that a woman is supposed to honor her husband ?
it is dangerous to the magician , and ... .. furthermore it is dangerous to the subject .	she 's dangerous for a wizard and ... ... she 's also dangerous for the subject .
you 're a hero to everyone .	you 're here for all the heroes .
what is the story of mrs. cofflen died burned ?	how was it with miss cofflen , who burned to death ?
get yourself some glasses .	take your glasses off .
you did win your bet , did n't you ?	you won the bet .
depends who you blame more , the ones who abused you or the ones who were supposed to keep you safe .	it matters who they blame more , those who have abused her , or those who should have protected her .
his mum 's english , his dad 's a spaniard .	his mother is from england , a father of spain
i 've made some arrangements .	i have taken certain steps .
our 684 can surely outperform those unit 124 bastards .	our 684 will definitely outflank the unit 128 .
it ai n't gon na be safe for her , neither .	she 's not safe here either .
look at the northmen who are raiding our coasts-will they be stopped with the mother 's curses ?	776 mlse avalonu on the coast - is it going to stop before the curse of our mother ?
chumly was panting for breath and wiping tears of hilarity from his big moon eyes .	chumley was barely breathing , and his huge eyes crinkled with cheerful tears .
there 's not a scratch on him .	he does n't even have a scratch .
the work almost killed me during the afternoon .	i was nearly killed by an afternoon of cotton .
well , wasting my bloody time !	what a waste of my time !
this just went from a senior dating a freshman to mary kay letourneau and vili fualaau .	we are no longer like a freshman dating a senior , but more like helena vondrácek and vojta kotek .
' talking to them directly , 'my respected audience . ' ''	he spoke directly to him : `` my honored audience . ''
high cerebral waves .	they have an elevated brain wave .
note : securitycenter notifies you when updates are ready to be downloaded or installed using alerts .	note : the securitycenter program will report that updates are available for download or are installed .
taug saw him depart , and then , quite casually , the big beast hunted closer and closer to teeka in his search for food .	taug watched him closely , and as soon as tarzan walked away , he headed toward teece , pretending to look for something to eat .
police— fully implement the law on police ranks .	police officer to apply the law enforcement law .
the email address put in the 'reply-to ' of all emails sent by openerp	this email address entered in 'reply to anyone ' e-mail sent from openerp
only those data elements in descriptions and controlled forms	only elements of the description and selection data should be used
'i have had dreadful fears , a dreadful sense of my own insolence of action .	`` i have a dreadful fear , a terrible sense that i have acted unheard .
get out of here , birds !	fly off the birds !
they were transporting their only supply via submarine when that sub came under heavy fire by the allied forces . and it ran aground in this chain of islands .	they carried everything through the submarine , but the submarine was under heavy fire from allied troops , and at that chain of islands , it went to the bottom
ooh , this is awful .	oh , that 's terrible .
have a good holiday .	enjoy your vacation .
odelia muttered into her throat mike , then judith 's own ear-set went live .	odélie was murmuring something into her laryngophone , and then she also lived up to judith 's headset .
everyone was allowed to see him , loved him .	anyone who had seen her loved her .
but then the mute astonishment of the heers , and the hirebrand 's crumpled form , steadied him .	then , however , he calmed him with a mute astonishment , and a collapsed drewler 's figure .
at my heels tonight the faithful beast moved softly in my tracks .	and even tonight , a faithful animal followed me in my footsteps .
that girl has a devil 's voice if she can back off whisper like she did !	the girl had a hellish voice when she was able to bring whisper to the retreat like that .
had not you noticed that yet ?	you have n't figured it out yet ?
got a beef with anybody who puts a friend of mine in the hospital .	i have the guts to anyone who 's sent my friend to the hospital .
it costs me $ 1.2 million each time i clone you people .	cloning each of you cost me 1 , 2 million .
in the distance you are probably good enough .	you must be pretty good at a distance .
send word to one and all and all and one !	send a message to everyone and everyone .
'dita 's actions are a gross violation	'ditina 's action is a gross breach
when is it you wish to be married ?	when do you want to have a wedding ?
i suggest something far more dreadful .	i have a proposition much more terrible .
it escaped sir . it was here .	he ran away , sir .
his talent was n't up to vlady 's standard by a long shot , but neither was it to be ignored - not on this of all nights .	his talents were far from the level of igor vladic , but it was certainly not good to ignore him - especially not tonight .
lt 'll be laughed out of fucking court !	they can laugh it off in court !
dad 's home .	daddy 's here !
should we stay in or go out for dinner ?	are we going to be home or are we going to dinner ?
your 10-year high-school reunion .	an abiturentena reunion in 10 years .
da ved kontakt med huden ( eller håret ) :	da fjern eventuelle contatlinser , hvis dette kan gøres .
behren 's closer than honce-the-bear , and they 're not for asking many questions in behren . ''	behren is closer than the honking kingdom , and they do n't ask much in behren. ``
by fostering fire , gums have no doubt wiped out or discouraged many other plant and animal species .	by supporting the blizzards , they undoubtedly wiped out or cured many of the species of plants and animals .
they 're keeping him in custody till the drug squad 's done their investigation .	he 'll remain in custody until the narcotics end of the investigation .
that guy 's a super freak , man .	this guy is crazy .
the chemicals animals secrete ?	chemical animal secretions ?
we 'd like to see miss inwood .	let 's go see mrs. inwood .
he cried and muttered as he removed the cap of the whiskey bottle for one last swallow .	he sobbed , mumbling , and retracted the bottle cap to get his last drink .
do not leave home without it .	never go without her .
midori blew gently on the tea to cool it .	midori was blowing lightly into his tea .
get the bullet . the bullet .	give me the bullet !
that was having luck .	we were lucky .
this huge hill of flesh ... !	the great mountain of meat ... !
nobody buys a 10 year old girl	no one would have bought a girl , 10 years
maurice did n't wait .	maurice was not waiting .
that is no button !	and it 's not a button .
i wo n't stop it .	okay , i 'm not stopping .
he has an electronic part with him .	he 's got electronic parts of himself . '
no ... this is not the fear ...	no , he 's not in that fear .
why does it stop ?	why are we stopping ?
for i am certainly not .	because i definitely do n't .
nobody 's gon na stop you .	there 's no one stopping you .
megatonchism -- sex without orgasms ever .	megatonchismus ... sex without any orgasm .
it took another two hours of utter bliss , so pleasant that she did n't even notice her husband and daughter waiting about .	she spent two more hours in complete intoxication , and she was so comfortable that she ignored the daughters and the husband who had been waiting for her .
i always react like that to bombs blowing up , mass murders ...	i always respond in the same way to bombs and mass murders .
tacos.–you got tacos here ?	do you have any tacos ?
i was thinking of the sun which i saw today , whether i would see it again tomorrow .	i think of the sun i 've seen today ... and i 've also thought of seeing them tomorrow .
if labour had not got back in step this quickly ... ... you 'd have been an obvious prime minister	if the labor party had n't taken a quick backward step , you 'd probably be prime minister .
slobodana bajica 1 , 11185 belgrado , rs cadethic development sarl fr manara sementi srl via cadalora 62 , i-37050 oppeano , it schillinger seed inc .	george dobos gentzgasse 129 / 1 / 10 , 1180 wien , at prof. dr. wilhelm jahn-deesbach postfach 100522 , 35335 giessen , de dow agrosciences vertriebsgesellschaft m.b.h .
two ships broke klingoniene in the neutral zone and we were in sight .	two klingon ships have flown into neutral zone and they want to attack us .
no one 's ever wiped out their liver with a high-fat diet before .	no one else has destroyed their livers of high-fat food .
'am i going to find anything if i read all night ? '	`` would i have figured something out if i ate it all through the night ? ''
do you shoot lasers out of your eyes or anything ?	are you shooting a laser from the eye or something ?
is you upset michael jackson got all the credit for inventing the moonwalk but you was the first geezer ever to actually do it ?	you 're angry that michael jackson became a famous invented moonwalk , but you were the first guy to really use it ?
include all certificates in certificate path	search all tracks for this certificate
only of the breath of the sea .	it 's a typical sea breath .
pull it out , let 's go !	pull it up and come on .
there was no suitcase .	she had no luggage .
how about when you were younger ?	what about when i was young ?
( b ) the oversight arrangements should , most importantly , aim to strengthen horizontal links between macroeconomic and financial market supervision .	measures in the area of surveillance should focus primarily on strengthening the horizontal link between macroeconomic surveillance and supervision of financial markets .
then we 're going to have boys who leave elementary school saying ,	we will end up with the boys leaving elementary school with the words :
i want 20 % finder 's fee , whatever she 's worth .	i want twenty percent no matter what it 's worth .
i do n't pack a punch like my violet when i shake hands .	if i shake my hand , it 's not like my fialky .
that thief thinks he 's betterthan our family ?	does the thief think that his family is better than ours ?
in a respectable household , it 's useful to have a weapon .	there should be a gun in every proper household .
this is one ofjohann davis ' earliest drawings .	that 's one of the early drawings by johanna davis .
hear what he has to tell us .	listen to what we have to say .
steven . there is nothing between garry king and me .	steve , there 's nothing going on with gary king .
`` why is the pool colored so ?	`` why does a pond have such a color ?
manager called and said he 's okay	his manager called to say he was fine .
up to a mile into the air rather than wastefully taking up more land .	more than 1.6 km into the air , instead of a waste of soil .
well , she gave him a concussion and two broken arms .	this caused a concussion and broke both hands .
rolling in the air , pyros lashed out at the passing matafleur with a wicked , taloned forefoot , tearing a gash in the female dragon 's soft underbelly .	pyros toppled over the air , shooting at the insistence matafleur one of his leading scorpions and a sharp claw tore through his soft underbelly .
you are the victor .	you 're a winner !
she asks you who you are according to the sign .	he 's asking you what your sign is .
as children we fear the dark .	as kids , we 're afraid of darkness .
witness saw her get into a cab .	witnesses saw the cab getting in .
because he is kick-ass ' father .	because he 's nagus 's dad .
quagmire : you know , it 's kind of weird that '80s white clothes could pass for '90s black clothes .	it 's quite weird that white people 's clothes in the 80s can be taken as wearing black from 90 .
oh , what , you got nothing smart to say ?	do n't you have something clever ?
fran slipped him into a nightshirt .	fran put him in the nightgown .
miniature microphones , photoelectric recharging cells , high-capacity ram chips .	minimums microfons , pick-up photovoltaic cells , chips with a huge amount of pamphlets .
for the past 5 years as indicated on this map that you see here north vietnam has occupied military sanctuaries all along the cambodian frontier with south vietnam .	over the course of the last 5 years , as a map shows here , north vietnam has been occupying a military post across the long border with cambodia .
three 's top five .	third place is in the first five .
we got ta move . come on .	we have to go .
those things will give you brain cancer .	you can have a brain tumor from this .
get in the driver 's seat !	sit by the wheel !
pitt had stared the grim reaper in the face before , and he had spat on him .	pitt stared at them with a scythe in his face and coughed .
you 've led me right to it .	you brought me straight to him !
closing to within 5,000 kilometers .	we 're approaching 5,000 miles .
that 's almost inside our shield perimeter .	it 's nearly inside the shields .
the output report is non-editable ; therefore the possibility for any falsification of the achieved results on part of the operator is excluded .	an exit report can not be edited , and therefore any misrepresentation of the results obtained from the operators is completely excluded .
many of its buildings were no more than ornate fronts with large tents erected behind them .	most of his buildings were decorated with only passages behind which great tents loomed .
his breath came in great gulps .	he was gasping for breath .
anything less than that 's gon na be considered an insult .	i 'll consider any lesser amount as an insult .
marrying some dame that plays the organ from philadelphia , for christ 's sake .	to marry a woman in philadelphia who plays the organ .
it 's being installed .	they 're installing it now .
these rights have been purchased , evaluated at fair value and correctly accounted for .	these rights were purchased , valued in real terms and duly demonstrated .
the dark ford sedan cruised along deserted streets at midnight .	the black ford sedan was running through the empty half-way streets .
you got ta complain !	you have to complain .
this guy 's wounded !	this man is hurt !
and there ai n't nobody knows where it 's gon na lead .	and there 's no one to know where he 's going to lead us .
have you discussed this with carrie ?	did you even talk to carrie ?
this is some fortress that they have water like this .	it is important that such a fortress has a source of water .
he 's being fired !	we fired him .
i just wish i could tell somebody about the shit that goes on in my head .	i 'd like to tell someone what 's going on with my mind .
calm yourself , moneo . ''	calm down , moneo. ``
we 'll stay the whole day .	we 'll be there all day !
sure thing , sweetie .	oh , of course , sweetheart .
in cunning , he did n't doubt whitehead 's skills : he 'd experienced his powers of persuasion already .	he had no doubt about whitehead 's abilities : he had already known his power to convince others .
he never forgot april catching the rose .	he did n't forget how april caught her .
it was not to be a contractor 's test .	it should n't have been a test for the supplier .
he was receiving multiple overlapping readings !	he received two different readings .
ok , nice work .	okay , good job .
you were supposed to call .	you should have called .
i promise there 'll be no more .	it wo n't happen again , i promise .
swear to me no harm will come to my father .	you wo n't hurt my father .
look around those boxes .	check the boxes !
_use dynamic keyboard shortcuts	_ use dynamic shortcut keys
awf'ly wee billy bigchin mac feegle always announced himself in full .	the tiny bohlil velechin velechin , the mac feegle , was always on his name .
he/she fails in the motor !	engine 's failing !
this is destiny .	it 's fate .
units sealed those sites up forever .	unit closed it forever .
but , was the ore-card appearing in its creativity aspect ?	but did the rud card appear in your creative aspect ?
well , please forgive my neglect .	forgive me for neglecting you .
'i 've seen the photos .	`` i saw pictures .
i serve no one .	i do n't serve anyone !
inventory zones and input areas	inventory zone and entrance area
i have never been spoken to like this in my whole life .	no one has ever spoken to me in my entire life !
we should not be worried .	we do n't have to worry anymore .
which mechanisms would be desirable to make parents aware of such tools ?	what mechanisms are needed for parents to learn about these instruments ?
the prince observed gania 's eyes flashing at him , as though they would gladly annihilate him then and there .	the prince also noticed , as he stared at him from the corner , as if looking to scorch him .
you 've been drinking a lot .	you drink too much .
they 're albanians or croats .	it 's albanian or croatian .
request to find area outside nonexistent isle	demand to find areas outside non-existent island
now let 's move onto the distribution of possessions .	now we move on to division of property .
the atmosphere in this placed drive anyone crazy .	the atmosphere here could bring anyone to madness !
that fake , too ?	is this also a fake ?
i 've had a very lovely evening . ''	`` good night , it was a nice night . ''
beka , get us back to the andromeda ... fast .	beka , we have to go to andromeda , quickly .
you know , people who believe in this sort of thing always talk about opening doors and inviting things through .	you know that people who believe such things say ... ... that you can open the door and invite those things in .
so here 's the new story , agent asshole motherfucker choke-on-my-dick .	so i 've got a better story , agent nut , asshole and asshole ...
hush for heaven sakes !	quiet for christ 's sake !
and there was a sudden , velvety silence .	then suddenly came the unexpected , velvet silence .
and they 're headed for the helicopter .	he 's heading for the chopper .
the operators touch the foodstuff and the machines ; risk of contamination or cross- contamination )	staff comes to contact with food and machine ; danger of contamination or cross contamination )
arrest them for not paying their electric bill ?	we arrest them because they do n't pay the electricity bill ?
way i see it , i 'm getting out easy .	i 'll be easy to go .
this is wow !	it 's hey !
buddy of mine operates a terrific tour .	my friend is doing a great tour .
lke has called a high-level conference for 9:30 .	ike called a meeting at the highest level at 9.30 .
war might not be quick at all .	war does n't have to be fast .
so , this thing these blokes pinched --	so the thing those guys pinched ...
ya'all wan na see somethin ' ?	you want to see something ?
it 's i'heure blueue , by guerlain .	it 's a leur blue from guillay .
cholesterol does n't travel on its own in the blood ; it is coupled with protein molecules to form particles called lipoproteins .	cholesterol is not free in blood , but together with the proteins of the proteins with which they form the so-called lipoproteins .
in any case , my french gallantry prevents me from claiming my corner , and i sit down beside this person who makes no attempt at apology .	french courtship in no way will allow me to take my corner back and so i sit next to that person who does n't even apologize .
do you remember the time he pooped in your mom 's purse ?	remember when your mother 's handbag was used once ?
they sabotaged a racing car .	about sabotaging the race car .
it 's gorgeous !	this is so beautiful .
that is perhaps barred , no ?	he 's probably barred , right ?
what part of you thought this was jess 's cake ?	how could you think it was a cake for jess ?
casey , how we doing with that fire ?	casey , what does this fire look like ?
i deeply regret you were delayed .	i 'm sorry you 're late .
as she leads her cubs there , she must be hoping her luck will start changing .	when he can bring his young one , he must hope that his luck will begin to turn .
so your metallic nature will increase as you go down .	so the metal character increases downwards .
and someday , you 're gon na surprise everybody with your extraordinary gifts .	and one day , you 'll be surprised by your special talents .
this is an investigation police ... !	this is what police are investigating .
care for a drink ?	can i get you something to drink ?
that is harsh .	it 's cruel .
the museum gala . - no .	it 's a museum .
long have i pondered why nosferatu was said to have travelled with earth-filled coffins .	i had long wondered why nosferat 's coffins were filled with dirt .
many nets are trapped .	many networks have been slapped .
make no sound , and wait here . '	do n't make a noise and wait here. ``
and becoming dependent on a man .	and become addicted to a guy .
neutropenia , thrombocytopenia , anaemia pancytopenia , febrile neutropenia thrombocythaemia , lymphopenia , bone marrow depression , eosinophilia , lymphadenopathy haemolytic anaemia	anorexia hypocalcaemia , increased appetite , hypophosphataemia , decreased appetite , dehydration , bottom , hyperuricaemia , hyperkalaemia , hyperglycaemia , hypocalcaemia , hypomagnesaemia , hypomagnesaemia
grandma said to keep my eye on you .	your grandmother told me to follow you .
and you 're protecting a patent ?	and do you protect your privileges ?
a large slab of stone facing , blasted loose by the shot , slid down the wall , striking the shelf beneath which cat crouched .	an explosion ripped a large chunk of rock down and smashed into the rock face the cat was hiding .
i feel like i 'll go insane being alone all day	i think from the way i 'm all by myself , i 'm going to go crazy .
if i can just get the shoulder ...	if only i could grab my shoulder .
f800 : net weight/quantity see preliminary remark in heading 5 ( data relating to products ) .	f800 : net weight / quantity see interim note for part 5 ( product information ) .
the elder garon snorted .	garon 's older grinned .
are we thinking a woman had a bat shoved down her throat ?	do we think the woman in her throat is sticking out the bat ?
this is a neutral place ...	it 's neutral .
third , many species of animals are attracted to electrical currents .	third , a variety of species attracts an electric current .
you know , this is completely unlike sports .	you see , that 's totally different from sports .
“ these samples were examined under an electron microscope .	`` we scanned the samples under the electric microscopy .
thanks in part to that astonishing memory of yours . what about our cases ?	partly because of your stunning memory .
i hope you and ugly here ... find every happiness together .	i hope you 'll be very happy with that ugly one .
discovery of the self .	i 'm discovering my self .
i love that shit .	i like the fucking thing .
no one penguin gets left behind !	we wo n't leave a penguin anywhere !
are n't you worried ?	is n't it scary ?
i 've just got to strangle this child .	i 'm just gon na strangle one kid .
no citizen left behind – advancing inclusion through egovernment 4 3 .	no citizen must stay away - greater inclusion via e-public administration 5 3 .
if they are talking they are not marching .	if they speak , they do n't go .
your stinking perfume makes me sick !	i 'm sick of your stinky vocals !
it wasn ’ t cold but they stood together , as if for warmth .	they were n't cold and yet they stood together as if they wanted to keep warm .
that 's four weeks from now .	the receivers are in four weeks .
do n't give phenix to tourneuil !	let 's not give up on tourneuil phenix .
police are still processing the crime scenes , and we expect ...	police are investigating the crime scene and are awaiting a press conference .
yo , peeps ! we are under attack !	hey , guys , we 're under attack .
yeah . what 's the- ?	yes , what is ... ?
some reason we 're not jumping to hyperspace ?	is there any reason why we do n't jump into hyperspace ?
mym felt the impact ; that sword certainly did have substance !	my impact felt , the sword surely has a firm essence !
agra società del seme srl via della repubblica , 19 , i-48024 massa lombarda ( ra )	postbus 1 , nl-5250 aa vlinames max planck gesellschaft zur förderung der wissenschaften e.v .
is she going to be all right ?	will everything be okay ?
oye , india 's lads !	hey , indian guys !
we have some salmon carpaccio .	salmon carpettes , sir .
allowing us to recognize , to define what 's before us .	it lets us know and determine what 's in front of us .
rickem , rockem , rackem , rake -- stick that sword into that snake ! you stay out of it !	ciki , cak . cikada , put the sword in the snake !
somebody 's stealing my roach powder .	someone stole my cockroaches ' powder .
all the smiths in zandru 's forges ca n't mend a broken egg , or put a hatched chick back into the shell .	even all the blacksmiths of zandrum 's hell ca n't repair their fried eggs or return the chicken back to their shells .
you told my servant , i believe . - we were expecting francesca 's fiance .	it was said to my servant . we 're waiting for francesca .
hey , come here . have some of granny 's cookies .	grandma will give you some cookies .
oh , these are specimen jars ...	these are sample glasses .
something to give your life meaning , but which is in fact not there .	something that gives you the meaning of life , but it does n't really exist .
why keep standing around like idiots ?	why do you stand there like an idiot ?
all right , jennifer . let 's see this tortured kitty of yours .	let 's look at the cat torture .
his fire had burned down .	the fire died out .
the recommended dosage is 10 mg once daily .	the recommended dose is one 10mg tablet per day .
what is n't over ?	what 's not finished ?
this smell is so terrible	that 's a terrible smell !
he personally checks up on every corpse ?	is he looking at every body in person ?
my band is auditioning djs tomorrow . i would love to check you out .	my band 's gon na audition for dj tomorrow .
gim me a name !	give me the name .
so , kill me , come on , kill me	kill them now , kill him !
can change only with expansion or removal .	changes may only occur when extensions or disassembly .
he no longer coughed .	he did n't cough anymore .
do not move from this chair .	do n't get out of that chair .
when are you planning on doing it ?	when do you plan to do this ?
well , he might get shot .	well , they could shoot him .
it seems they intend to stay here a while .	they seem intent on staying long .
the music 's not changing .	music does n't change .
majority wants hesselboe lnvestigated	most chce , aby byl hesselboe protons
durkin tucked it into one of his shirt pockets with hardly a look .	durkin looked at her and put it in his shirt pocket .
cannon fifty percent charged .	it 's loaded down to 50 % .
it looked like they tried something and failed .	they seemed to try something and they did n't .
how long do you think she 's got ?	how much time does she have ?
i must 've picked up the wrong cup .	i had to take a bad cup .
and it was towing an x-wing starfighter behind it . ''	and he was dragging an x-plan behind him. ``
using its butt , he smashed the blood-smeared richesian tracer , grinding it into metal debris .	his butt was smashed by a bloody rickshaw beacon on metal shards .
so let 's hope that skank has a speedy recovery .	so hopefully the slump will recover quickly .
nobody likes a tease .	no one likes hoops .
they hung there in the lock , breathing air that smelled faintly of pine .	here in the space of the airlock and breathing the air was gently smelling pines .
edward 's not joking .	edward does n't joke .
the craftsmen are ingenious .	artisans are very resourceful .
found him in a junk pile ?	did you find him in the garbage ?
yeah , but you let her .	yes , but he left it .
you wo n't give us away , will you ? please .	you 're not gon na tell us , do you ?
this is so weird .	oh , that 's weird .
my parents are coming .	the parents will come .
i am the messenger --	i 'm a messenger ...
some ancient technology uses a mental component .	some ancient technologies use the mind to control .
you got ta know all the tricks .	you have to know every trick .
gallium scan did n't reveal anything .	the gallium test revealed nothing .
by looking at the last 45 years of research on -- just the psychological research ,	using research over the past 45 years - research in psychology .
the vehicles must be parked in the garages . ’	vehicles are parked on parking stables. ``
your bet , sir ?	you want to bet ?
i broke up a family	i 've destroyed my family .
she 's going to accompany you ?	will he escort you ?
those are firms you should consider for representation .	those are companies that look up to you to represent .
have to make you pretty angry , her cheating on you .	that must have really upset you for cheating .
the web site shall follow the guidelines of the ‘ web accessibility initiative ’ .	web accessibility initiative ( initiatives on internet accessibility ) will be adhered to when creating web sites .
`` anny ondra will only wash with sarinol . ''	anna ondrák is washed only by sarinol .
the joint fire power of our 2 patrollers should sow enough panic and disorder to allow our men to advance with maximum safety .	the common firepower of two patrols should trigger enough confusion for our men to proceed as safely as possible .
this is so embarrassing .	it 's so humiliating .
slovenská republika mylan sr.o tel : +421 2 32 604 901	ελλάδα generics pharma hellas επε τηλ : + 30 210 9936410
judging from things you have written about him ... ... your dad must be quite a guy .	judging by what you wrote about your father , he must be an amazing man .
i do not think i am as uther was . '	i do n't think i 'm like uther. ``
you got satch to thank forthat one .	well , thank satch for that .
death toll reached 3,000 .	the total number of victims reached three thousand .
we had no weapons .	we did n't have guns .
stand at attention until i return !	stay alert until i get back !
rocks like rust-colored teeth waited far below him .	deep beneath him , he was waiting for the rocks resembling rusty teeth .
make haste , make haste !	hurry up , hurry up !
all 24 of our nuclear missiles went live .	all 24 nuclear warheads have been activated , sir .
i gave spock the benefit of experience ... of logic .	spock could draw upon my experience , from my logic .
just like last night , he ran up to every table and said , `` hello , my name 's nino ! ''	he went around all the tables saying `` hello , i 'm nino . ''
his nose as well .	also on the nose .
`` into an awful state of misery	`` to a vile state of despair
that should 've been me .	it was supposed to be me .
you can not at the same time to be mindful of two battles when attacking russians first you neutralizujes to yugoslavia , as did hitler .	do n't bring a war on two fronts when you challenge the russians , you have to neutralize yugoslavia as hitler did. ``
a duke is always in need of trustworthy guards and protectors . ''	and the duke always needs a trusted guard and protector. ``
just for that , i 'm breaking my rule about not hitting girls .	i break the rule that girls do n't get beaten .
view additional properties for this digital id here .	you will display other features of this digital id in this place .
you 've changed so much .	he 's changed a lot .
turns out chesty kournikova was vladimir puttin ' it out .	it turned out kozja kurvova had started it with vladimir shukovem .
i have the day off monday but i 'll take her tuesday . you'il take her monday .	you do it monday .
she 's mistaken .	they 're wrong .
put that pistol down !	put the gun away !
i had just about given up hope of finding a gang to join when finally i saw a crowd i thought i could hang with , the old-timers .	i was nearly losing hope of finding my gang when ... - - i suddenly saw a group i joined - starry-eyed , -
godolphin took a very considerable risk on our behalf . ”	godolphin has taken quite a considerable risk for us. ``
i believe we can save our marriage .	our marriage is still to be saved .
shut the fuck up and come on .	shut up , let 's go !
mr. asterix does ... everything , mr. asterix has to be the boss !	mr. asterix is too much of a boss .
you finally got here .	he finally showed up .
it can not answer , it can not explain .	they ca n't give answers , they ca n't explain anything .
i 've got to use the telephone .	i have to make a phone call .
how am i thinking ?	what do i think ?
mr durham , try and put your arms around morrie .	mr. durham ... ... mr. durham ... ... try to put your hands on maurice 's shoulders ...
i make it my mission in life not to spend more than like ten dollars on anything .	as a life goal , i 've set myself to spend no more clothes than $ 10 .
i have not ever fired my gun up in the air and gone aaahhhh .	i never took a shot at the air , and i did n't cry .
wilhelm just now saw him slipping it into his pouch . ’	wilhelm had just seen him put it in his pouch. ``
frank says you 're feeding the cat generic food .	frank said you fed him with normal food .
so we'il wait till night .	then we wait for the dark .
are you feeling pretty ?	do you feel beautiful ? !
one must have a little something .	a man needs a drop of something .
no signs of sexual violence but she should be examined by forensics .	no sign of sexual violence , but we 'll examine it more closely .
hope in the face of despair ?	hope in a desperate situation .
listen to me stupid dog ...	listen , you lazy cunt ...
and i saw there were holes in her hand and in her side .	i could see the holes in their hands and on the side .
open seal ; close seal	open seals ; closed seals
it 'll be scared .	he will be afraid .
it seems you wanted magobei killed .	you seem to want magobei dead .
in fact , parents often appear to be the harshest taskmasters .	the reality is that parents are often the hardest to contract .
pack that shit up , man .	pack the damn thing .
that 's my son 's place .	this house belongs to my son .
he swore he would kill all women lusting after handsome men .	he vowed to kill every woman who craves handsome men .
mister kharlamov , may i take a picture with you ?	mr. charlamove , can i get a photo ?
picture it , marshall , never having to wash another dish as long as you live , yet all the dishes aralways clean .	imagine that , marshall , for the rest of his life , he 's not going to have to wash his dishes , yet everything will always be clean .
how much fun is this ?	it 's fun , huh ?
bring a laptop with a secure wireless modem . ”	take the laptop with the secured wireless modem. ``
how do you do ?	how are we doing ?
she surely would have had fun ... jumping from tree to tree .	do you know how it would be fun to jump from a tree to a tree ?
this is n't the way of a hero .	that 's how a hero does n't behave .
you do look lovely , darling .	oh , you 're really cute , my dear .
by contrast , no immunity or reduction in the fine was granted to deltafina .	deltafina , on the other hand , was not granted protection against the fine nor was the fine reduced .
there was n't any way to be safe ; just being alive was deadly dangerous . . . fatal . in the end .	one could never be a hundred per cent safe ; only to be alive is terribly dangerous ... and ultimately deadly .
she has no fears , though there are many that fear her .	he 's not afraid of anything , but many fear her .
what the corporation can not own , they destroy .	what corporations ca n't possess will destroy .
that system probably contains the new data encryption algorithm .	surely the system has different coding algorithms .
and you , scumbag !	you son of a bitch !
'the dogs now hunt . '	`` the dogs are hunting . ''
no ? not gon na do it , huh ?	wo n't you ?
there 's ope .	this is opie .
aw , damn it .	oh , god damn !
fast eddie , let 's play some pool .	quick eddie , do you want some pool ?
i mean those were the guys that really talked about this stuff .	i think it was the people who really talked about these things .
you 've really got some nice titties there !	you have nice tits , stan .
the directive coordinates the employment law requirements which a provider of services must respect .	the directive coordinates work conditions to be respected by service providers .
you dare to not do it ...	do n't you dare do this .
adding more u.s. trainers and advisors , essentially putting the current strategy on steroids .	by increasing the number of us instructors and advisers , he fundamentally supervises the current strategy of steroids .
are there any leads to the terrorist investigations ?	any progress in investigating the terrorists ?
the trenches around their camp get smaller and smaller . so we can easily pass over them .	their camps are still narrower ; now we can easily overcome them .
you 'll be joining an fbi transnational special task force .	you 're going to join the fbi special operations unit .
i 'm actually ... i 'm almost done with a book of essays .	actually , i already have my book of an essay .
we will not speak of this again .	we wo n't talk about it anymore .
my girlfriend 's totally the hogo-sha .	my girl is hogosha .
a few young kids in leather jackets and baggy pants smoked and stamped their feet around a chained newspaper rack .	a couple of sprouts in leather coats and baggy trousers smoked and underpinned at the newsstand .
view your diving logs in memory .	the diving records are displayed on the memos ( memory ) menu .
`` the floor is yours . ''	`` you have a word . ''
hedge funds are an industry worth over one and a half thousand trillion us dollars .	hedge funds represent a sector whose value exceeds 1,5 trillion usd .
i drove them over 6 years .	i 've been driving for six years .
in my case , i hate to advocate drugs or liquor , violence , insanity , to anyone , but in my case it 's worked .	i ca n't bear a defense of alcohol , drugs or violence ... but it works for me .
select to play the sound repeatedly until another sound starts .	select for constant audio repetitions until you start a new sound effect .
the other traders ' wives have been talking ... you would know .	the wives of other merchants were saying that ...
after dark , predatory dolphin fish emerge from their daytime lairs among the rocks .	after dark , they leave their hiding places among the stones to hunt the dragon .
dad 's good at the big gestures ; it 's the day-to-day stuff that bores him .	the father is good for big gestures , but everyday things are boring him .
it 's mrs birnbaum	this is miss birnbaum
i have nothing to hide .	i 'm not hiding anything .
ooh ! you 're so sweet .	oh , that 's sweet .
like me . i named him after his daddy .	his name 's after my dad .
web-accessibility users may be confronted with non-interoperable web browsers , screen readers or other assistive technologies .	internet accessibility users can contend with non-compatible internet browser , reader or other auxiliary technologies .
shall i make up my own story ?	am i supposed to invent the story myself ?
why should government money be spent on pleasure ?	why give government funds for fun ?
it was for this that chauvinist france waged war ; and in doing so she was in reality selling her people to be the serfs of the international jew .	the chauvinist france fought for it , but it , in fact , sold its nation to an international world jewish as a mercenary .
you 're not ... not laughing .	you do n't ... you do n't laugh .
all right , face cream you could eat .	a face cream that can be eaten .
one of these days , malloy , you are gon na kill something that wo n't flush .	one day you will kill something that will not be washed away .
the last time they had been there , billy remembered , they had seen the biggest brontosaurus in the world , and a tyrannosaurus and a trachydent .	billy remembered that when he was here , he 'd seen the world 's largest brontosaurus and tyrannosaur and trachyddon .
are n't i the lucky one .	i 'm not a lucky guy .
marking and packing of eggs for hatching eggs for hatching , used for chick production , shall be marked individually .	labelling and packaging of hatching eggs the seed eggs used to produce poultry pups are identified individually .
he wo n't be returning to this city .	he 's not going back to town .
sweet christ ! you are good !	oh my god , you 're delicious !
your diagnostics show multiple blockages .	your diagnostic shows several hurdles .
remember that bullet you received in your mobile phone ?	did you see the bullet you got on the phone ?
when i went here , it was all girls .	the girls were there when i got there .
i pulled out my tooth ?	did i pull it off ?
getting bauer 's not as easy as it sounds .	getting bauer ai n't gon na be so easy .
quadruple the air patrol , and let every man who leaves the city by air or ground be subjected to the closest scrutiny . ''	four times the air guard , and anyone would want to leave the city , whether by air or on the ground , to carry out a thorough search. ``
and you have a dead father .	and your dad died .
a missing dolphin is n't exactly a high priority .	a lost dolphin is not among the priorities .
well , grief often comes in five stages .	well , the sadness is usually five degrees .
sit your bitch-asses down .	just sit tight !
iblis , though , had addressed a huge crowd in zimia 's memorial square .	but iblis , to the large crowd in the commemorative square in zimia , declared :
if you can just check your e-mail .	please check your mail ...
in streets for traffic control .	on the street driving traffic .
oh , they were very big buttons .	i have huge buttons .
i guess i ... ... had a cramp .	you know , i got cramp .
she 'll get pissed if i 'm missed , see my sister 's the slayer .	she gets mad if she does n't find me ... ... my sister is the slayer .
oh . i do n't know .	i have no idea .
they 're sure to have guards posted .	i 'm sure he 'll be guarded by guards .
the fact is , you havea pretty great ass , so ...	you have a nice butt ...
talarian warships are limited to neutral particle weapons high-energy x-ray lasers and merculite rockets .	the talariian warships only have neutron weapons , x-ray lasers and merculean missiles .
uh , profit and loss statements from last month .	i need an overview of the losses and profits made last month .
mommy wo n't like it .	mom 's not gon na like this .
what 's your take on rasheed ?	what do you think of rasheed ?
the mental weapon , an opposite piece of news of the war psychic , was the sleep of stalin .	a thought weapon , a new frontier of psychological warfare , stalin 's dream .
after making sure i left nothing incriminating behind me , i headed downstairs .	when i made sure i did n't leave anything incriminating , i went down .
now i will not forget .	i 'll never forget !
i never ended up eating at that dumb fancy restaurant .	in the end , we did n't get to eat at that fancy restaurant .
moreover , for medium and low quality durum wheat , discounts linked to meal quality should also be applied .	in addition , in the case of durum wheat , low grade wheat should take into account the reduction associated with the quality of the crust .
watch out for the people !	keep an eye on people !
'seeking vengeance against korbolo dom , '	`` you want revenge for korbolo dom . ''
no , i 'm not leaving his side !	i wo n't leave him !
what an odd cat .	that 's a strange cat .
did you ever consider keeping your maiden name , mom ?	did you think you 'd keep the girl 's name , mama ?
you kept it real good . you ai n't been slack .	you 've kept it well , you 're not lazy .
a kiss ought to do it .	the kiss would go .
including the chemical one ?	what , even chemical ?
print reports on planned answer sessions .	print report for scheduled answer session .
in their looks , and even their courtship dances , the parallels between man and animal are unmistakable .	in their appearance and even dance ... they do n't overlook the similarities between humans and animals .
supervisory bodies have the responsibility to supervise how trust service providers meet these requirements .	the supervisory authorities shall be responsible for supervising compliance with these requirements by a trusted service provider .
if anyone 's getting it , i 'm getting it .	if somebody gets him , i 'll be .
inmate soso here seems to be violating essential prison regulations with her insubordinate attitude , does she not ?	prisoner sosa appears to be violating basic prison rules by his undisciplined attitude , is n't it ?
the one that used to be the actor is now this ... computer creature .	an actor who became a computer .
the alarm clock had to go .	the alarm must have gone off .
this is astonishing .	that 's amazing .
well ... he 's not gon na make it through the night unless i get him into surgery .	he wo n't survive the night if i do n't operate .
and he 's locked me out of manual .	and i was blocked by manual .
four thousand minds put this together .	four thousand brains could bring it up .
a different one you haven ’ t written ?	another one that you have n't written yet ?
i 'm listening to you .	then listen to me .
yeah , well , that you seem capable of getting yourself .	you can get it yourself , it seems .
'not unless we modify the spell , vanion , ' she told him just a bit smugly .	'if we do n't alter the spell , no , vanion , 'she said a little too politely .
get off of him .	get away from him !
my joeboy smelled the skin frying and pulled the trodes off me .	my clown felt like he was burning his skin and ripped off of me .
`` you were correct in bringing your ideas to our attention , hidar fen ajidica . ''	'you have done well to present your ideas to us , hidare fen ajidiko .
i only am going to catch some things ... for some friends .	i 'll just take a few things for my friends .
you got yourself into this .	you 're on your own .
you 're being an asshole tonight .	you 're such a dick today .
you tell anyone we did this , i will stop letting you do things with me	you tell someone we 've done it , and i 'll stop talking to you .
the guerrera family can traffic alcohol into the city of new orleans for a profit .	guerrero 's family could run a liquor store in downtown new orleans for profit .
after waiting here all night ?	after the overnight wait ?
where george merchant secured permission , to build his jubious mansion on norris avenue .	where george merchant obtained the building permit for his strange mansion in norris street .
most civilized worlds had similar regulations , miles conceded , if only for purposes of preventing biological contaminations .	miles had to concede that such restrictions were kept by most civilized worlds to prevent biological contagion .
maybe i meet a cute girl .	i could hide the sweet little girl .
according to a press report released in lslamabad.. ..the pakistan government has denied this in strong words .	according to reports from newspapers issued in islamabad , the pakistani government rejects this serious allegation .
this is a real shame .	it 's a disgrace .
the ones with the calendar ?	those from your calendar ?
their family 's playing folksy instruments .	the family plays folk .
it must be a war	it 's the war .
leave this bag !	let go of the suitcase !
`` there 's no need to .	`` it 's not really necessary .
an oceanic version known as	the ocean version is called
well , he 'll destroy that horse .	this is how it will destroy the horse .
her temper had apparently gone on vacation .	her incendiary mood seemed to go away for a vacation .
you just concentrate on holding tight to that little part right at the center .	you 're only focused on keeping that little thing somewhere in the middle .
so tell me his name !	give me your name .
they stood like god-shaped statues among the small , intelligent females .	they loomed among the tiny women like beautiful sculpted sculptures .
his father 's right . it 's not the guy .	my father said it was n't him .
new kids around and a new way of doing things .	new boys and new ways to do it .
just waiting on may 's signal .	we 're waiting for the mayo signal .
so how are we both gon na fit in the helicopter ?	hey , how would we both go into a helicopter ?
the majority of sprycel-treated patients experienced adverse reactions at some time .	adverse reactions have occurred in most patients treated with sprycel .
heard you maybe had some of the blue .	i thought you might have a little blue .
are you serious , bastard !	you son of a bitch !
this kid definitely needs an editor .	the boy certainly needs a publisher .
so let us not waste anytime !	let 's not waste our time .
excellent , lady anirul . ''	very good , mrs anirul ! ``
it was all just cops and robbers .	there were cops and thieves then .
`` i do n't believe i 've had such a good time since i made love to my week-dead sister . ''	`` i 'd say the last time we did so well was when i was in love with my dead sister . ''
high switching costs also limit the mobility of customers .	customer mobility is also limited by high fees for bank change .
it 's very difficult to think of synonyms for men 's privates with club music thumping in your ear !	it 's hard to invent synonyms for male genitalia when music comes into my ears from disco music .
go with the four , with the four .	send in four !
that 's ... just ... wonderful news .	this is amazing news .
why did you go into that bar , if not to seek justice ?	why were you in the bar if you were n't looking for justice ?
environmental taxation can also align the efforts for fiscal consolidation with facilitating the restructuring towards a resource efficient economy .	environmental taxation may also align efforts to consolidate budgets with restructuring of an economy that is using resources more efficiently .
`` aye-like that saxon hero who tore the arm from the lake monster .	`` certainly-as a hero who ripped off the shoulder of the gander .
the ccipb also asserts that , if the sum had been intended to support the route ’ s structural operating deficit , it would have clearly been insufficient .	the ccipb further claims that this amount would be manifestly inadequate if it were to assist with structural operating loss of the service .
it seems your reputation is spreading . ''	your reputation seems to be spreading. ``
i 've told mr davey we 're all right .	i told mr. davey that it 's okay .
spending their days constructing psycho products . and nasty ideas to undermine my pussy vagina motherfuckers !	they spend their days building psychoproducts and inventing nasty things to destroy my pussy , you sons of bitches !
well , are you traveling by yourself ?	do you travel alone ?
oh , creeping is when males go in search of females for the purpose of having sex .	`` going hunting '' means when a man goes out to look for women for sex .
i must speak to elsalill before we depart . ''	before we leave , i have to talk to elsalill. ``
`` i would not see it if it was playing in my glasses . ''	`` i wo n't look , even if they show me the glasses . ''
beauty pageant contestants are judged on their dress and their hair .	the competition for beauty contests is rated by dress and hair .
( 427 ) zie het challenge-onderzoeksproject :	zie : artikel 9 van het wereldwigoes handvest van het geweten .
here is your man .	that 's your guy .
you calling me little sister like you putting me in my place .	you call me little sister , as if i belonged here .
it 's fantastic !	this is fantastic .
oh , you ca n't .	it 's not possible .
my question is , how can you goddamn ... ... shit-spewing media sluts --	i 'm asking how you lousy ... sales media bitches ...
brynner 's right on our ass !	we got brynner up the ass !
have you seen anybody use that phone ?	did you see anyone on the phone from this pay phone ?
in december 1933 , prohibition finished .	december 1 933 prohibition was over .
now there 's no one i can trust .	i ca n't trust anyone anymore .
what 's the blend ?	what kind of mixture is that ?
ancient cultures , civilizations , used to sacrifice animals ,	ancient civilizations have sacrificed animals in ceremonies .
what are the other guys wearing ?	and what do the others take ?
from creating a scandal , from ruining her future and everything that she 's worked for ,	to make a scandal , she destroyed the future and everything she tried to embarrass me ...
there shall be no accessories presenting a hazard for the driver .	the driver must not be threatened by any part of the accessories .
brin nodded wordlessly ; swallowing against the dryness in her throat .	brin nodded without a word , swallowed - her throat was dry .
defiling a corpse . defiling a different corpse .	obfuscation of corpses .
gus ... our new customer that you brought on board in michigan i made the highest paid lobbying the history of our nation .	gus , our new client , a tribe from michigan , just made me the best paid lobbyist in american history .
he had a train to catch .	he must have caught the train .
i wan na see who 's laughing when irv gets here .	and i 'm curious who will laugh when irv comes in .
declan is barely a blip on the graysons ' radar at this point .	declan 's nothing more than a tiny dot on grayson 's radar .
thanks for the arrival .	thank you for coming .
we were flown out of lakertheath thismorning .	we flew out of lakenheath this morning and the corsicans picked us up in the pietra ligure. ``
well , let me think ... - indian , i think . - indian ?	i 'm thinking ... she was an indian .
if these medicines are taken together this may enhance their toxicity .	the concomitant use of these drugs may increase their toxicity .
for example , a relatively simple action , as already happens in some tax administrations , is to organise technical workshops .	for example , the relatively simple measures already used by some of the tax administrations are organised by vocational seminars .
that poison has rotted your brain .	the poison must have damaged your brain !
and when is that ?	when will it be ?
why are you stopping ?	why do we stop ?
it is a ... short essay that ... had to be written .	just a brief essay i have to write .
· focusing on common r & d agendas more effectively than is currently possible .	- focus on joint research and development plans in a more effective way than currently possible .
lady felmet 's glare did n't merely silence him , it almost nailed him to the wall .	the sight of lady felmett had not only silenced him , but it was enough , and he would have pinned him against the wall .
there was art advisors up there all the time .	there were always art advisers behind him .
you 're gon na be fine .	it 's going to be okay .
the guy killed some more people these past couple of days .	the man has killed several people in the last few days .
education , it is said , can not wait .	they say education ca n't wait .
you all right , honey ?	is that okay , baby ?
no , she 's not !	no , he is n't .
abahachi is a murderer !	abahak be a killer !
however , occasionally , a recruit will need a second punishment .	but sometimes someone needs a second penalty .
she 's already my bitch !	this is my bitch .
'we will not be staying here . '	`` we wo n't stay here . ''
( a ) in full , if no penalty has been imposed ;	( a ) whole , unless a decision is taken on any penalty ;
i told myself , let her go .	i said `` leave her alone . ''
anck-su-namun 's soul had been sent to the dark underworld ... ... her vital organs removed and placed in fiive sacred canopicjars .	while the soul of anck-su-namun wandered into the dark underworld , they removed her organs and deposited them into five sacred canoes .
it 's not about a backpack .	no , this was n't about the backpack .
calling in her debt from me .	he wants to collect my debt .
it 's not a lady . please say not a lady .	please do n't be a girl .
i actually do n't play .	i 'm not even playing .
payment reductions for failure to respect cross-compliance obligations should be made more dissuasive .	reductions in payments for non-compliance should have a greater deterrent effect .
poor will struthers , trying to spend the cash he ’ d pilfered , had twice been nailed passing phony hundreds .	poor will struthers tried to spend the money he stole , and he was caught two times with a counterfeit note .
he 's done nothing wrong .	he did n't do anything wrong !
we ca n't allow it . - we ca n't allow it . - we ca n't allow it .	we ca n't let that happen !
are you seeing someone ? .	you see anybody out there ?
are we getting anybody upstairs ?	did we get anyone up ?
jean-claude stood in one smooth motion like he was a puppet pulled up by invisible strings .	jean-claude held himself in a single fluid motion , as if he were a puppet that had been taken out on invisible threads .
'slightly lopsidedly ? ' said magrat .	'is n't she a little ... fucked up ? 'said magrat .
i was at the beverly hills police department .	i went to a police station in bevery hills .
when i separated from mom , i had said to mom ,	when i left my mother ... i told her ...
how were you going to take him down ?	how do you feel about taking him out ?
i do n't embarrass .	i 'm not ashamed .
helen met his eyes .	helen looked him in the eye .
punishment begins tomorrow morning at 6:00 am .	the sentence will begin tomorrow at 6 a.m .
turner described the process in terms so simple that he sounded like a schoolteacher issuing homework .	turner described the planned process so simply that it almost looked as though the teacher was given homework .
he was that slick lawyer that got farnum a parole .	the big-ass lawyer who got farnham out on parole .
killing a little kid and a pregnant woman was n't exactly something to brag about .	the murder of a child and woman was not really anything to boast about .
perhaps i had stumbled onto the set of a cinema company filming a costume drama of some sort .	i might have gotten into the film , some kind of good drama .
multi-legged cannons has reached tarutarus .	the cannons have reached taruto !
is your car here ?	you got the car ?
um , minor tornado lady issue .	a little problem with a tornado lady .
little fishing village outside puerto vallarta .	a small fishing village at puerta vallarte .
cut off from any retreat they fought like wild beasts , intent on inflicting all the damage they could before they were dragged down .	stripped of any possibility of retreat , they fought as diehard animals , which before it fell , sought to inflict as much damage as possible .
reporter 1 : iraq 's battle-trained army swept across kuwait 's borders at first light .	the iraqi army crossed the border with kuwait at the dawn .
everything he 's shown you is fake .	everything that has been proven is false .
that unguarded shudder told it all .	the unguarded tingle spoke for everything .
so please stand as i present my very good friend a man who keeps our pencils sharp ... and our pens in ink ...	let me ask my friend among us who puts pencils and ink in our pens on the table .
electricity spot trading services are provided by power exchanges to facilitate trade of spot electricity products .	the electricity exchange services offer energy exchanges that facilitate spotting deals with electricity products .
anything look familiar to you ?	any of this familiar ?
this is a fort .	it 's a fortress .
she dragged me to this ufo society this morning , burpss .	she put me in a ufo company today , bsupa .
i bet it hurt when they cut his thing off . - ugh !	i bet it hurts so much if he cuts it !
it can generate 2.074 megawatts of electricity .	and maximum to make 2,074 mw of electricity
sit 'im down with that fancy whetstone of yours and get 'im to sharpen his weapons real good— '	why do n't you sit him down , give him your nice little beetroot , and he can sharpen his weapons. ``
( kitami-sensei 's photos corner )	( photo booth by kitamiho-sensei )
i do n't know . oh , man , suddenly i am so tired .	all of a sudden i 'm so tired .
have you done anything wrong ?	did you do something bad ?
the red outfit and the knives and-	red dress , knives .
okay , but remember , during our scuba certification we simultaneously almost broke up and drowned .	remember that we nearly broke up during the diving course at one point and drowned !
that was the 7th this month .	it 's the seventh time this month !
election rigging is not an option .	manipulating elections is out of the question .
what sort of noise is it , exactly ?	what kind of sound is he talking about ?
because i love teaching .	i like to teach .
back off , bro !	get out of here , mate !
his eyes are just like deepu 's !	he 's got the same eye as deepu !
whoever 's supplying it is the heart .	and anyone who delivers them is a heart .
yes , be seated , everybody .	yeah , sit down , guys .
faces lead to places .	faces will put us in place .
i went to a goddamn basketball game with these people .	i was with those guys at the basketball game , those places were n't so good .
it will love us well !	he 'll love us .
sorry i bailed on the dreamatorium .	i 'm sorry i stood up for snotorium .
well , i 'm not telling you .	but i wo n't tell you .
okay , back off .	all right , back up !
i 'm sorry . that hardly ever happens .	sorry , that does n't happen often .
what about yesterday , the raw squid–white , slimy , almost tasteless chewy meat with nothing but soya sauce to wash it down ?	for example , yesterday , that raw squid-white jelly meat , like rubber and almost odorless , only soy sauce to make it better to slide into the neck !
on garth and on other catastrophe worlds the three races of the terragens were building reputations as biosphere wizards .	three terran races have built a reputation as a biosferous wizard on garth and three more disastrous worlds .
i had been afraid of him at first .	i was worried about him initially .
has this thing , this troll killed any children ...	the thing , that troll , did he ever kill any kids ?
halt met gilan 's gaze with his own .	halt looked at gillan 's eyes .
one specimen . you said one specimen . what happened to my men ?	one sample , did you say one sample where my people are ?
russia has probably allocated a further unknown quantity of thermo-nuclear missiles .	russia is likely to target an unknown greater number of thermonuclear rockets .
you 're not drinking enough water . - what ?	you do n't drink enough water , jennifer .
our foremost interest was to raise an awareness among the youth .	our concern was , above all , raising awareness of youth .
my guess is , riding that bull , cody felt like a greater man .	i think he felt like a bigger man when he was riding the bull .
now . there are witnesses ?	so you have any witnesses ?
remember what you said back in tampico ... about having to pack that old man on our backs ?	do you remember when you told tampica that we would have to carry this old man on his back ?
as regards lifestyle and wellbeing apps , users often pay for their apps via app stores .	when it comes to applications for lifestyle and good condition , users often buy them in with applications .
rocket 's up !	prepare the missiles !
yeah , everybody knows that .	they all know that .
and so no one risks death .	that 's why nobody 's risking death .
they said that the cops are making a deal with him .	he 's saying ... cops do business with him .
`` they 've never been arnied back into existence . ''	`` they were never made by the arnists again . ''
you used to have carpet .	you had a rug on it .
are we almost done ?	is it nearly there ?
how does antivirus software help protect my computer ?	antivirus software helps protect the computer from viruses and other security risks .
they got the times right ?	are they having a good time ?
no file version information available	there are no information about versions of files .
the bad guys are hunting those kids down and - ''	bad guys chasing our lads and ... ``
mama has lost her job and her approval as a foster home .	mom lost her job , so she lost the right to be your foster mother .
he thought back to the day that a vague memory had sent him flipping through his files .	he came back in his mind for a day when he was leafing through his dim memories of his old cases .
a blown-off surrealistic arm hanging up there in the pointillistic mauve .	the sunken surreal arm hangs at the top of the pointilist of crimson .
mors planch was taken from his cell in the specials security bloc of rikerian , far beneath the almost civilized cells where seldon had been kept .	morse plancha hauled himself out of a cell in a specially secure block of rikerian , deep under the nearly civilised cells where they held seldon .
relax , will ya ?	calm down , okay ?
what kind of tree grows a prune ?	what tree is this tree that produces dried plums ?
he 's not saying sorry !	he did n't apologize !
your father is n't that great . yeah .	your dad was n't the best .
'it 's the worst habit . '	`` it 's a bad habit . ''
they talk , but nobody listens .	he speaks , but no one is listening .
take it real slow .	do it really slowly .
however , there 's great risk .	but there is a big risk .
you ca n't make a decent pie without mob cheese .	without the mafia cheese , there 's no decent pizza ...
implementation of a contract shall not start before the contract is signed . ”	with the implementation of the contract , it will begin until after the contract is signed. ``
i bet you the boyfriend did it .	i bet he was that friend .
grayson ... was ... asking ?	grayson asked about that ?
my car is being stolen .	that 's my car !
“ i guess maybe we have to risk spreading a contagion .	`` i think we should risk the possibility of spreading the disease .
oh , sorry . uh , what was the question ?	i 'm sorry . what were you asking ?
he postulated and discarded a number of theories .	he made up his mind and dismissed several theories .
sensory checks on the organoleptic characteristics are as a rule made once per year .	control of characteristic organoleptic characteristics shall normally be performed on a yearly basis .
if my mentor were police commissioner , i think i 'd be getting a promotion too .	if i had a police commissioner , they would have promoted me as well .
the satellites are orbiting with earth 22,500 miles out in space .	satellites orbit earth at a height of 36,000 km in space .
sorry for that outburst .	i 'm sorry to drive .
this is definitely going to be my spot .	i 'm sure this will be my place .
by-the-rules-rickman , scourge of anybody who ’ s afraid to yell back at him ?	a bastard who was wielding the rules and defacing anyone who was afraid to yell at him ?
he simply stood there , hands clasped behind him , and waited while honor climbed out of her own seat .	he was just standing there , his hands behind his back , and he waited for honor to get up .
who is this gentleman ?	who 's the man ?
the infrastructure was also put at the disposal of airlines on non-discriminatory terms .	the infrastructure has also been made available to the airline under non-discriminatory conditions .
dad and salt to take .	father , we should buy salt .
and with zellerbach 's doctor friend there , too .	plus there was that zellerbach buddy of the doc .
'thank you , ' said hwel .	'thanks , sir , 'said hwel .
it 's possible that he got interrupted .	maybe they interrupted him .
there 's ever justification for killing ?	is there ever a murder to be justified ?
we 've got a dna match from a previous sexual offense .	they found consistent dna with one previous sexual assault .
sorry about the interruption .	i 'm sorry to bother you .
dissatisfied with his first and second tries , he wiped them out , then was happy with the third .	he did n't like the first or second installment , so he deleted it , only a third one satisfied him .
this entire year has been terrible and nobody even cares !	the whole year has been awful , and everyone does n't care !
yeah , so is a prison cell , which is where you send people to be punished .	yeah , that 's even in the prison cell , where we 're sending people for punishment .
andrew lafollet tackled honor as gunfire suddenly broke out ahead of them .	andrew lafollet dragged honor down before the fire erupted in front of them .
and i love the inscription you wrote to me .	i like what you 've written .
new advertisement on puppy servis - kennel hadí vrch	new ad in puppy service - chs hove vrch
yes , it 's the period between 2009 and 2013 .	they said it was a period from 2009 to 2013 .
you gon na be all right ? yeah .	will it be okay ?
'he knew there was no way ed could settle that debt alone .	'because he knew ed could not deal with the debt himself .
oh , that 's impossible !	it 's not possible !
i know that i was not your choice of wife and queen for edward .	i know you did n't choose me as edward 's queen and the woman .
declaration of conflict of interests	statement on conflicts of interest
we 've lost five percent of our energy reserves .	we lost 5 % of the power reserve .
never answer your phone in front of a client .	never pick up the phone when you 're at the client 's .
a study says over 40 percent of female police meet their spouses on the job .	the statistics say 40 % of women working with police find their husbands at work .
presumably with the weapon .	probably with a gun .
there is a silence .	it will be quiet .
yes , because suddenly there was an even better story- about fraud and gun-running amounting to 60 million kroner .	all of a sudden there was a better story about fraud and a $ 60 million arms deal .
multiple fractures , partial burns ,	numerous fractures , partially burned
we think they were targeting him .	we think he was the target .
his mom glanced at it , not really seeing it , pronounced it 'cute , ' and handed it back .	mom looked at them , but did n't really see him , she said , `` dear '' and returned him to him .
should i bring this on her ?	did i do it to her ?
|| jic confirms date when eu starts to accept flegt licenses	| | jic committee confirms the date on which the eu will recognise the flegt licence
how do you expect them to earn the money for your taxes ? '	how can you think they 'll earn your tax ? ``
blooms wither at her passing .	the flowers wilt only pass by them .
the flowers are lovely !	very nice flowers .
jesus , ed . we got a traffic warden .	ed , we have an officer !
it did n't affect you because you never watched it !	it 's not working for you , 'cause you never saw it .
by the flame , blowing up trees with dynamite .	we saw the fire ... burning down the trees of dynamite .
get outta there !	move out of the way !
th-this ca n't be !	it 's not possible !
or you'il finish out your education at a military school of my choice .	or you will end your education in the military school i choose .
and a famous cardinal my god , sam it 's that igllatio q '' artze !	and one famous cardinal - god , sam - this is ignatio quartz , as mac keeps nagging him. ``
i was so tired i did n't have enough strength to fly .	i was exhausted , i had no strength for piloting .
'a sad conclusion to the alliance . '	`` sad end of alliance . ''
well , i have n't met the husband yet either .	not even a husband .
so , those pictures are not going to be seen ? is that what you 're saying ?	are you telling me they wo n't see the pictures ?
shot him , dumped his body into the barrel .	he shot him there and buried him in a barrel .
she could only force out a weak whimper , hardly a sound at all .	she could only take on a faint whine that barely even was a sound .
her chinline was too strong , her eyes too small .	she had too much pointed chin and too small eyes .
the fire department is issuing voluntary evacuation orders .	firefighters are calling for a voluntary evacuation .
just because you have a few medals , do n't let it go to your head , you arrogant bastard .	the fact that you have a couple of decorations does n't mean you have to nose up , you arrogant son of a bitch .
his first work was some carving at the cemetery on the hill ;	at first he carved something in a graveyard on a hill ;
this is not the time to slow up .	you ca n't slow down .
rear underrun protective device replacement silencing systems driver operated controls — identification of controls , tell-tales and indicators ( moped/motorcycles )	rear protective gear against submissive subscriber control system controlled by driver - driver identification , indicator and indicators ( light motorcycles / motorcycles )
we should be thankful .	we have to be grateful !
she wiped it off a few times before she was confident that she had done it correctly .	she wiped her lipstick several times before making sure she had the right effect .
and so a retailer , if you were to go into a wine shop	and that 's why a businessman when you went to the wine shop
500 , 000 mark..s .	five hundred thousand marks .
here are our cards .	here 's your card .
papa is with her now .	daddy 's talking to her .
let chromium run in the background	keep chromium running on background
is anything happening in cippria i ought to know about ? '	is there something in cipprio that i should know ? ``
it will probably be a child like any other human child on soror . ''	it 's likely to be a baby like the other young people on sorora. ``
they were fleeing solamnia , traveling alone except for one trusted retainer-and he would be dead before they reached solace .	they ran out of solamnia , alone , except one dependable sergety -- who will die before they reach solace .
we 're going there in a bus , see the sights- ''	we 'll take the bus , we 'll check the sights. ``
event log ( keeps a record of updating activities to help with troubleshooting , if needed )	the event log ( contains records for updates on updates and assists when needed .
we have done nothing .	we did n't do anything .
this time , certainly , they would see that enemy destroyed .	this time i 'm sure they can destroy the enemy .
yeah , does n't surprise me .	i 'm not surprised .
may release dangerous gases ( chlorine ) ’	it can release dangerous gases. ``
excuse me for saying this , miss kearns ...	i 'm sorry to tell you -- - miss kearns ...
looks like ali made a friend .	apparently , ali found a boyfriend .
please select another folder or try closing applications that may have files open .	select a different folder or try to terminate the application in which the required files are opened .
she got lost during the night , somehow .	i kind of lost it on the night .
but we ca n't afford to take any risks at this juncture .	at this time , however , we can not afford such a risk .
he did . i have it .	i 've got him .
ibm cognos for microsoft office version 10.2.0 : user guide	in version 10.2.0 , ibm cognos business insight is renamed ibm cognos workspace .
d , why the fuck are we moving towards the weird noises ?	delmar , why do we go to these weird voices ?
secondary legislation with a view to joining the traces network linking eu veterinary authorities ( the successor to animo ) has not yet been adopted and enforced .	they have not yet been accepted , nor are there any implementing legislation regulating the links with traces networks joining the veterinary authorities at european level .
we 're not supposed to be talking like this .	we should n't talk like that .
doors closing . next stop , sedgwick .	the door 's closing .
she has come in , perhaps .	maybe she 's back .
but also , perhaps , to educate a little .	and maybe educate some .
or maybe you 're afraid of yourself . ''	or do you fear yourself ? ``
and the two of us did n't give up ; neither should you .	we never gave up , nor should you .
how did things go ?	how does it look ?
it is undamaged .	she 's intact .
gim me that crap .	give me the shit .
sorry i have n't turned out the way you wanted , mother .	i 'm sorry , mom , i 'm not what you wanted me to be .
i blush to look at this word .	i 'm blushing , i see the word .
i the hair there .	in your hair ...
you 're an artist ?	are you a painter ?
the fault is not yours .	it was n't your fault .
and what will i be doing ?	what am i going to do ?
'you really ought to talk to commander vimes— '	'i think you 'd better talk to sir vimes about that . '
how 'bout this weather ?	what 's the weather like ?
take that woman-fish for the prison .	close the ryb to jail .
sit back . relax , honey .	calm down , baby .
everybody dies , do n't they ?	everyone 's dying , right ?
i have n't seen a single customer walk in here .	i did n't see the only customer coming .
you schnooks will now be targeting the wealthiest 1 % of americans .	you will now go after one percent of america 's wealthiest people .
the man , later identified as noted astrophysicist dr. erik selvig has been called in for questioning by police .	this person was later identified as dr erik selvig , who was ousted on police to provide an explanation .
this just in :	that 's it :
this is day three . you guys have n't even talked to a girl .	it 's been three days , and you have n't talked yet .
illyan had been so boggled he 'd gone absolutely robotic , an effect miles had watched with great fascination .	illyan was so shocked that he was acting like a robot , which miles watched in fascination .
that was a bit weird , though .	but this is a little weird .
`` how is it ? '' asked the yeoman tonelessly , hunching down into his shoulders .	'what 's it like ? 'the sub-officer asked pointedly and hunched .
u pon your head how golden-red	over your head like gold-red
the wall now reared above him and he estimated its height at more than sixty feet .	the wall was now towering in front of him , and , according to shannow 's estimate , she was over sixty feet tall .
thanks for being so concerned .	thank you for taking care .
proves he 's a moron .	i 'm saying he 's an idiot !
that 's my pornograph . - ... my phonograph - what 's this ?	what is this , my pornographer , the phonograph , and this ?
it is therefore based on the respect for every partners ' specificities and their own reform path .	so he takes account of the specifics of each partner and his own path of reform .
they are small square papers you stick on envelopes .	it 's a little bit of square paper sticking to the envelopes .
whatever was going to happen was going to happen soon .	whatever happened , it should have happened soon .
he named three reliefs .	his name was three alternates .
it is indeed the plague .	it 's a plague !
`` nobody 's fighting .	`` no one is arguing .
gettin ' my baseball .	i 'm going to get my ball .
i can take my fax , my computer .	i 'll get a fax and a computer .
it continues along that line until the motorway bridge crossing the river brenta , then it follows the bank of the river until its mouth ’ .	along this line goes up to the long-distance bridge over the river brent and then along this river to its mouth. ``
especially one who i know is orchestrating a capital offense two days before his capital punishment .	especially not with the one i know of organizing an ugly crime ... ... two days before the death penalty .
do i yet live ?	am i still alive ?
dne 20.11.2007 předala společnost bouwfonds čr bytová výstavba s.r.o. , , 30 . 11 .	on 20.11.2007 , bouwfonds cr housing construction s.r.o . was submitted by bouwfonds cr s.r.o. , 30.11.2007
trust no one - very wise .	do n't trust anyone . that 's wise .
bosch came up unnoticed on the passenger-side door .	bosch walked undetected to the left front door .
rolde , nl j. breun herzogenaurach , de caussade semences caussade , fr carneau frères s.a .	5 , d-29303 bergen , de lantmannen sw seed ab 268 81 svalov , se danko hodowla roslin sp.zo.o .
her eye 's black .	he has black eyes .
this is how civilizations commit suicide ,	this is the way civilization commits suicide
the present french administration hasn´t always be so cordial .	today 's french authorities are not always so heartwarming .
we 're not gon na die .	you wo n't die .
'silverfox asked that i say nothing to you of them .	`` silverfox asked me not to tell you anything about them .
the child will never eat the blood .	the baby 's not eating .
it makes me very nervous when people watch me cook .	i 'm too nervous for someone watching me cooking .
my tyres were slashed .	i had my tires released .
hey , chill out , all right ?	calm down , okay ?
just stop it . -okay , okay .	all right , all right , stop !
you can see this shrimp is harassing this poor little guy here	here you see the prawn as he molested that poor guy
love love love love love love love love love .	i love loving you .
you thought we 'd be longer ?	did you think it would take us longer ?
|| measures prioritising other high efficiency generation plants , including wind , pv || measures to encourage district heating or improve its efficiency	| | measures favouring other highly efficient energy production facilities including wind and photovoltaic plants
buffalo p.d.is concerned that it might be another filmed killing .	buffalo police have concerns that another videotaped murder .
living free of exploitation and slaughter , chickens can live ten years or more .	no abuse and killing , hens live 10 years old .
but you 're not going to die in a blast .	but you wo n't die for the explosion .
i 'm not gon na hurt ya .	i do n't want to hurt you .
mom must have been so happy ...	mom will be happy .
a spin by jackson . -get it back ! -no !	the rotation of jackson . -they 'll get your back ! -none !
thirty-four gates from both the milky way and pegasus gate systems have been strategically placed in the massive void between our two galaxies .	a total of 34 gates from the gates of the two galaxies ... ... were strategically placed in a vacuum between the two galaxies .
they 're burning !	it 's on fire !
to save his own precious cowardly skin .	you saved your cheap skin .
general requirements for inland ais inland ais is based on the maritime ais according to imo solas regulation .	inland ais shall provide the main functions of the ais maritime system , taking into account the specific requirements of the inland waterway .
nothing can change that .	and you ca n't change anything .
one could build a big mansion with stolen timber .	he 'd build a house from a stolen wood .
a deacons ' meeting over angharad .	they will meet the deacon for angharad .
red fescue lolium perenne l. perennial ryegrass lolium × boucheanum kunth hybrid ryegrass poa pratensis l .	beet beet beta vulgaris l. beet ii beet ii .
a narrow , poorly lit hallway was before him , a staircase crowded with children at the far end .	ahead he had a narrow , badly lit corridor , and there were children in the back of the stairs .
through no efforts of yours , sadly .	but not thanks to you , unfortunately .
he and his wife have suffered from ‘ stigmatisation ’ , which has harmed his private and social life .	his wife and he themselves had been victims of a `` stigma '' that damaged their private and social lives .
he must have a difficult time with you .	it must be hard for you .
you 're not supposed to go out , amy	now you should n't go out with amy .
'be assured that no one will learn of your secret from us . '	`` you can be sure no one will know about your secret . ''
they 've been subject daily to insults , two of their men were badly beaten .	they are attacked everyday , and two men have been severely muted .
our eyes are open	we have an open eye .
warning : could n't retrieve data last time we tried .	warning : in the last attempt , they failed to accept the data .
i 'm not planning on losing any more .	i have no plans to lose anyone .
let him eat his food .	then he 'll eat it .
he fired into the dust near the dog 's good forepaw , the sound crashing into the hot day and temporarily silencing the insects .	he shot the dog in the dirt before the paw and the shot shook the hot day , and he shut the bug off for a moment .
you have no idea how much that helps .	you do n't even know how it helps .
that your father is not a fan of the difficult conversation .	honey , you should know your dad does n't like a difficult conversation .
i 'm just not feeling it anymore .	i do n't feel that way anymore .
the onset usually occurs between the ages of 15 and 30. oh .	it usually starts to show between 15 and 30 years .
you called me a name , did n't you ?	and you 're gon na call me names ?
the commission should therefore have asked for the national procedures to be suspended .	accordingly , the commission should have requested an interruption of national proceedings .
i been outside , and what 's up ... is old lightning rod next door informs me ... she will not be leaving for 30 days .	i was outside , and the fireworks from next door told me he would n't move out in 30 days .
i 'm supposed to give him this lab work for the green investigation .	i should have given him these lab results regarding green 's investigation .
he was studying a grease spot on a hungarian diplomatic passport .	he studied the oily stain on the hungarian diplomat 's passport .
if life 's an awful bore	when life is boring
abigail does n't even like her birthday .	it 's not for abigail 's birthday .
we will no longer can hide .	we wo n't be able to hide it .
vasya , the messenger boy in afanasy ivanitch 's shop , is better dressed !	it 's vasja , the guy at afanasi ivanovic 's shop , dressed better .
calculating with dates and times	calculating time and date data
the horn waits for no man .	get up , horn 's not waiting for anyone .
appears to be .	it seems so .
hurry with that thing , all right ?	hurry up with it .
weird with a side order of bloody .	weird with an annex in the blood .
scream if this hurts , chica .	cry when it hurts , kitty .
okay . give me 60 seconds on the clock , please .	i 'm begging you for 60 seconds .
when a fire burns itself out , all you have left is ashes .	when the fire burns , there will be no more than ashes .
fi poista irtohiukkaset iholta .	fi varastoi kuivassa paikassa .
he is her cousin , which perhaps accounts for some of it .	she 's her cousin , and maybe that 's part of the reason .
sorry i said you had a nice ass .	i 'm sorry about your butt .
'the treasure 's a long , long way from here by now . '	`` the treasure is far from here , far away . ''
1-poor 2-subnormal 3-ordinary 4-good 5-great	1-run 2-nothing much 3-average 4-good 5-great
you 're thinking you should n't have been such a prick to everyone your whole life .	you think about being such a dick about everything in your life .
line dancing this afternoon , then tomorrow is the wine and cheese tasting .	a group dance tonight , and a taste of wine and cheese tomorrow .
why were they invited ?	why did you invite them ?
file could not be verified	failed to verify file
colette 's by herself in economy .	colette is in an economic class alone .
hi . sorry for the interruption .	hey , sorry to interrupt .
forth helmingas . he shouted as he leaped down the stair from the rock with many men of westfold at his back .	forward , helms ! 'he shouted , leaping up the stairs from the cliff , behind him the many men of the highlanders .
what am i like ten years from now ?	how am i in a decade ?
okay , so , our coaching squad will be making sure you hit your targets .	all right , our coach team is gon na make sure you get your goals .
everything is dolls a-a-and show tunes and cleaning stuff and she will not stop talking .	everything just revolves around dolls , music and cleaning , and never stops talking .
when does the barbecue begin ?	when do you start roasting ?
i insist on carrying out my orders which are to escort a convoy .	i demand an order to accompany the convoy .
there are four elements .	it 's four parts .
i 'd actually rather not answer phones any more .	actually , i would n't want to answer the phone anymore .
check that door 's locked , will you ?	look , if this door is locked .
didanosine/tenofovir disoproxil fumarate co-administration of tenofovir	didanosine / tenofovir- disoproxil fumarate
give me krabbe 's and agger 's phone numbers .	write me a phone number for krabbee .
we 'll go zombie hunting .	we 're going to hunt zombies .
we travel by night if there 's a moon .	we 'll go in the night when the moon is .
guys , there are four of us and one of him .	we 're four and he 's only one .
hmph . not of me .	pche , not mine .
the bite itself is hardly ever mortal .	bitten by itself is rarely fatal .
governments working unwittingly at its behest , operatives around the globe protecting it .	they are unwittingly done by governments , protected by agents around the world .
i continue to be the luckiest guy on the planet .	i will continue my role as the happiest man in the world .
the swing doors were shut .	the door was closed .
vimes laughed as an idea struck .	vimes thought about it and laughed .
it 's very vexing .	this is very annoying .
this afternoon is my final skate .	i 'm skating for the last time this afternoon .
like during the military service ...	like in the army .
lazarus received a reproach for look ; the kid seemed about to cry .	the baby looked at him reproachfully , and seemed to cry .
there 's two dozens french police officers outside	two dozen french policemen are outside .
the door will open straight out .	... the door opens to the side .
each to his own , - but he 's a sad fucker with no social life . -	everyone has a ... ... but this is a loser without social life .
mommy said it was okay .	mom said i could .
look for the bald kid to beat .	look at the bald boy running !
the variation had diverged that much ?	did their variation so much different ?
this is no game .	it 's not a game either .
do they really think it helps ?	i really think he 's helping ?
yeah , well , this is corn .	yes , it 's corn !
`` start her moving , will you ?	`` can you get started now ?
from katrinebæk on kastbæk road .	kastbay street in katrinebaek .
fonz , there is no way you can jump that shark with your waterskis !	fonzi , you ca n't skip the shark .
you sing beautifully , κrysia .	nice singing , krysia .
so take a moment .	then find a minute .
let me talk to attorney kim wu-taek	may i speak with counsel for kim wu-taek ?
there 's always a this thought you get as a graduate student	every postgraduate student has ever had this idea
tastin ' the merchandise .	i 'm tasting the goods .
at mario ferrati 's .	by maria ferratiho .
norway would be able to sell its hydropower and secure a backup supply should climate change leave it running dry .	norway could sell its water energy and secure a replacement solution in case this source started drying up due to climate change .
between us , for maria , miguel prado will always be the one that got away .	among us , miguel prado , according to marie , was the one who took off .
it 's such a weird concept .	the whole idea is really weird .
smart . might gain you some leverage with the custody .	clever , you could gain an advantage in guardianship .
he does n't hate chee .	it 's not true chee hates him .
miles decided he would have to point it out to his cousin at some appropriate moment , preferably when ivan 's mouth was full .	miles decided to remind his cousin that there would be a good time , for example , when he had a mouthful of his mouth .
he may be dolemite .	it could be dolomite .
wash off then you will have a nice lunch .	you wash up , and then you eat nicely .
it 'll be worth more by morning .	he would have much more worth tomorrow .
the kanack lo-flo toilet .	kanack 's eco-flushing toilets .
it 's worth thousands of dollars , as far as you know .	they 're worth a few thousand bucks if you know .
no one was supposed to get hurt .	no one should have been injured .
everything 's good here , sir !	it 's all right , sir .
when requested to submit your full application file , you should :	if you are asked to deliver the application with all documents :
so maybe andrea had some hemlock on her that transferred to your gloves .	maybe he was the one that got your gloves on at andree .
many longtime welders develop arc burn .	a lot of long-term welders have arc burns .
and god set them in the firmament of the heaven ... ... to give light upon the earth .	god placed them on a celestial archway to shine over the ground .
that is , he had been happy except for those occasions , usually one week a month , when he 'd been partnered with stu wargle .	that meant he was satisfied , unless the service came to him together with stu wargle , which usually was one week in the month .
where did you go play earlier ?	where were you guys playing first ?
we 're going to have a great jump today .	it 's gon na be a big jump today !
that 'd be weird , huh ?	you 're weird .
when you 're being chased ... you wan na be driving something with speed , maneuverability and stability .	if you 're hunted , you want to drive something very fast , well controlled and stable .
'cause , see , my doctor says i should eat in company .	because the doctor told me to have dinner in the company .
what really happened down there , charlotte ? after you went to the hairdresser , what happened ?	what exactly happened when you came back from the barber ?
environment : europe ’ s bathing waters continue to improve	environment : european waters for bathing are steadily improving
then all the fertilized eggs went back into the incubator .	then he returned fertilised eggs to an incubator .
there 's no sensible explanation for this discomboomeration it 's a most hodgepodge-ical most illogical	there is no reasonable explanation for such in the bewilderment of the placing is the greatest all-rounder
man : you space bastard !	you son of a bitch !
it was our third day at benedict 's place , and ganelon was off in town seeking amusement .	we spent the third day in benedict 's residence , and ganelon went to the city for fun .
harmful organisms which reduce the usefulness of the seed , in particular ustilagineae , shall be at the lowest possible level .	the presence of pests that decrease the useful value of seed , especially ustilagineae , is limited to a minimum .
check out the filters .	look at the filter .
you retire from a life that 's gon na get you busted or killed , or maybe even both .	you 've gone out of your life to put you in jail or kill you , or both .
let 's be smugglers .	we 're gon na be smugglers !
he leaned back towards his armrest communicator .	again he leaned toward the intercom .
might want to try some meds , too .	maybe he wants to try the medicine .
acción 3 - fomentar el espíritu de iniciativa y de empresa así como la creatividad de los jóvenes .	action 3 - fremme de unges initiativ , ivćrksćnd og creitet .
i 'll get in trouble with my boyfriend .	i 'd have a problem with my friend .
it 's been consistently proven to boost sales . i know .	promotion has been shown to sell .
binabik ran a hand through his own sleep-tousled hair .	binabik lost his grip , the sleep-toured hair .
the guy took the tip of the blade ... stuck it in his own shoulder blades .	so he took a knife and rammed him in between his shoulder blades .
just take it easy , all right ?	calm down , okay ?
don '' t worry about being rude .	do n't worry . it 's not polite .
i 'm sure he 'd be very proud of the boy .	he would have been proud of his son .
it appears that the war has arrived .	apparently there 's a war now .
do you always keep old newspapers around ?	you still got an old newspaper ?
but perhaps the greatest mistake ... that all students make during their time here ... is to suppose that they can ever have ... an original or creative thought .	but perhaps the biggest mistake the students are making , - is a foolish conjecture - that it may be challenging something original or even creative .
dad has come home .	daddy 's home !
i am one of severaljunior science officers .	i 'm a junior science officer .
ari , they 're rats scrambling for a way off a sinking ship .	ari , it 's the rats that want to get out of the sinking ship .
you have hair extensions .	your hair is longer .
do n't worry about me . worry about running out of arrows .	you better worry about not getting your arrows .
yet he works hard , though .	but he 's working hard again .
she 's thinking fire extinguisher , which are required on airplanes .	he thinks it was a fire extinguisher that 's on planes .
bring up the travel agent .	your own travel agent ?
he was standing , holding a weapon .	he stood there holding the gun .
this can not be how it ends !	it ca n't end like this !
more land emerged over the curved near horizon , black , black , unassailable .	from behind a nearby horizon , another landscape loomed , dark , black and impenetrable .
and you have no money left ?	did n't you get any money ?
it helps me remember .	they remind me of him .
i want that weapon .	i 'm asking for the gun .
their soy noodle soups are famous .	they 're making a great noodle soup .
what we did was expose american babies during this period	we have carried out the fact that we have exposed the american children during that period
feri went to see this skunk lawyer regularly for some reason .	feri was a regular at this smelly lawyer for something .
the tungus tribesmen of siberia say that when the shaman goes into his trance and raves incoherent syllables , he learns the entire language of nature . ''	tunguz in siberia says that when their shaman gets into a trance and starts babbling incoherently , they learn the whole language of nature. ``
unable to process include names file ' % s ' .	could not handle file % s with names that contain names .
but it was n't .	but you 're not .
then what would all this have been for ?	and what was that all about ?
how come ... we 're retreating without fighting ?	why ... do we retreat without a fight ?
listen . i wish you the best of luck , okay ?	hey ... good luck , huh ?
gig 1.5.2006 - horní líšná - vernissage	concert 1.5.2006 - upper leafish - vernisage
that one went off 20 years ago .	she 's been gone 20 years .
get moving , damnit !	move , damn it !
the metal enclosure would supposedly protect him from a minor lightning strike .	the metal fence was supposed to be protected against a weak lightning strike .
an animal running scared .	bitten , scared animal !
`` you can not imagine the strange colourless delight `` of these intellectual desires .	you ca n't imagine what a strange pleasure these intellectual desires have for me .
believing in christmas makes it magic	believe at christmas , that makes them magical
this ai n't no life .	it 's not life .
her husband worked in engineering ...	her husband was an engineer .
well , that 's the stuff that matters .	those are the things that matter .
she 'll welcome me as an honored guest .	he welcomes me as my guest of honor .
pancytopenia , thrombocytopenia , eosinophilia , hypoalbuminaemia	haemolytic anaemia , haemolysis ( see section 4.4 )
'cause i have no idea how i 'm gon na get this car out ofthe sand .	because i do n't know how to dig the car out of the sand
because our work has become about results , instead of discovery .	because our job is about outcomes , there 's no longer about discovering .
after a resolution has been adopted , no further motions may be put to the vote except where the president , by way of exception , decides otherwise .	no more shall be voted on any other proposals since the adoption of the order , unless the president decides , exceptionally .
this is the thing .	that 's the point .
what if archbishop rivera had been standing here and this beam had fallen ?	what if mr. archbishop rivera stood in the hallway when the beam was released ?
but why do you not sleep ? ''	why are n't you asleep ? ``
'well , women 's faces have had too much power over me already for me not to fear them !	`` really , the faces of women have made me think i 'm not afraid of them now !
fine , i 'll get it !	all right , i 'm going !
thanks for- thanks for returning my call .	thank you for calling me .
protein and phosphate .	proteins and phosphates , alkali increase
you 're not seriously considering his ridiculous proposal .	you do n't think about his ridiculous request .
giant bat wings hung from the ceiling even now .	there was a huge bat-like wings hanging beneath the ceiling .
sorry for the inconvenience .	sorry to bother you .
one is not always so lucky .	a man does n't always be lucky .
no one can ride that beast your majesty .	it 's a complete beast , your majesty ...
when sons get married it 's such a pleasure !	when sons marry , it is a great joy .
gnathophis bracheatopos smith & kanazawa , 1977 »	limia dominicensis ( evermann & clark , 1906 )
this is a film company .	it 's a movie studio .
`` leaving mwr now .	i 'm leaving the mpr .
he was probably making some telephone call that would be decisive .	he seems to be running a crucial phone call .
too - too exciting . too much excitement .	you 're too excited .
in fact , the portuguese had to burn the island .. to put down the resistance of the indians when they took it .	the portuguese must have really burned the island ... to suppress the indian resistance and control it themselves .
are we ? are we at peace ?	and now we live in peace ?
ready to surf some warm waves , man ?	ready to get a good wave , boy ?
how much weight have you lost ?	how many pounds did you lose ?
more are dying every day .	they die each day .
i 'm not gon na answer that .	i wo n't answer for her .
registation successful - thanks for registering .	registration succeeded - thank you !
get those legs up higher .	lift your feet higher .
the lines of youths crept forward toward desks manned by plump maternal . types who might have been our morns or teachers .	many of the youths plodded to the tables behind which plump aunts , who could be our mothers , or teachers .
no scratches , no hair under her nails no hairs on her clothes .	nothing ... he 's got nothing for his nails , his hair on his clothes .
it 's not the first one .	and she was n't the first .
could it be parents or a sibling ?	can they belong to parents or siblings ?
we 've lost tracking . we are blind here .	we 're losing track , we 're blind .
you see , this girl . her name 's samantha .	it was a girl named samantha .
the claw was coming down with a rapidity that limbeck found quite annoying-considering how slowly they had descended the last time he 'd seen them .	the claw was descending so quickly that it was very disturbing - especially considering how slowly the hilts came of arriving when he had seen them .
banger gets shot in a drive-by , that 's one thing .	a gangster shooting at rides is one thing ...
`` expecto patronum ! `` he yelled .	'expectations patronum ! 'he shouted loudly .
prior to launching the deployment and operational phases , it was necessary to settle four matters :	four questions should be addressed before the start of the implementation and operation phases :
it 's funny .	is that supposed to be funny ?
this will just take a moment .	it 'll only take a minute .
i have another car .	there 's a second car .
over unused bandwidth whenever you 're connected to the internet .	updates are downloaded using unused bandwidth during internet connection .
what makes innovation leaders successful ?	what is the success of the most innovative countries ?
finally , after they 'd been flanked , they attempted to punch their way out .	eventually , when they were surrounded , they tried to break through .
if father could see this !	if only my father had seen it .
watch the dirty looks .	look at that ugly look .
you 've got to be kidding me !	you must be joking .
online registration will not be possible after 12 noon , brussels time , on that day .	electronic applications are only taken until 12 : 00 p.m. noon ( brussels time ) on deadline day .
we scaled rocks that crumbled behind us , collapsing in enormous sections with the hollow rumble of an avalanche .	we climbed down the rocks , which were then released in huge blocks with a dark hum of avalanche .
she 's not making it easy .	it does n't make it easier .
the stories in apollo 's book are true for many others .	those stories of apollo 's books are real stories of other people .
are you sending the report ... ?	will you send a message ... ?
due to intra-patient variability , occasional individual haemoglobin values for a patient above and below the desired haemoglobin level may be observed .	given the variability in the patient , it is possible to occasionally observe individual haemoglobin levels higher and lower than the required haemoglobin level is required .
'what are a safety catch ? ' said detritus .	'what is an insurance policy ? 'said detritus .
uninstalling vibe desktop from the windows control panel	uninstall aplikation vibe desktop paneles windows .
`` you do n't attack a pissed-off enemy .	`` the angry enemy is not under attack .
anyway , this guy got tired of screwing his wife .	the guy was sick of doing it with his old lady .
and whoever calls out :	and who 's calling :
social benefits in cash may also be payable to beneficiaries needing health care ;	cash welfare benefits can also be paid to beneficiaries who need healthcare .
i figure anybody who 'd do that must really hate the food .	i reckon whoever did this must have really hated their food .
so , you normally let car bombs onto the base , do you ?	so you normally leave cars with a bomb on base ?
this is a hurricane coming straight at us !	the hurricane 's headed right for us !
i did this to secure my parade !	i 'm doing it for the parade !
at least make your dog shut up !	can you shut that dog up ?
this marriage , our marriage , this fake marriage .	karl , this wedding ...
a detailed database of audit activity gives potential for improved planning and risk management on a commission-wide basis .	a detailed database with information about control activities will enable improvements in the planning process and risk management across the commission .
i just spoke with marwan .	i talked to madwan .
there is only magpie now .	it 's just magpie .
i ain ’ t no friends to the damn teshi after what they done but i don ’ t hate them half so much as i hate them .	after what they 've done to us , i ai n't got no friend of those damn kids , but i definitely hate them less than those .
hey , that 's awful .	this is terrible .
thanks , for christ 's sake .	thank you , god .
if there must be a trial of howard w. campbell , jr ...	if the howard w. trial has to be carried out .
you seriously wan na look at ramon prado for multiple homicide ?	do you really want a multiple murder on ramona prada ?
it 'll all be finished in 10 days .	i have nothing to do in ten days .
look , dear sal-sweet laura-i 've come-i 'm gone-but wait-ah yes . ''	hey-salik-dear laura-i came-i-i-i-i mean , wait , okay. ``
my guys are thinking just fine .	my guys have a good mind .
south moravia regional government offices žerotinovo nám .	jihomoravsky regional office of žerotínovo .
unattended luggage is subject to collection and search by airport police .	such baggage will be handed over to the airport police for searching .
would you care for a drink ? ''	do you want something to drink ? ``
there 's cake ? !	do you have a cake ?
then he went to bed and listened to the jungle `` grand opera '' until he went to sleep .	he lay down and listened from the jungle 'opera ' when he fell asleep .
go to the playground ! and secondly , what ?	quick on the playground . and second .
a person is not your heart broken ?	did someone break your heart yet ?
men lived in armengar . '	people lived in armengar. ``
i would like companies to be creative so that regulators do not have to become creative . ''	i want businesses to be creative , because otherwise they will have to be creative regulators. ``
she escaped from prison .	she ran out of jail .
i wan na spend this week working on bottom position .	this week , we want to address the bottom positions .
this is extortion .	that 's blackmail .
she must be in buenos aires by now .	he 's probably on his way to buenos aires .
did you speak with antuane ?	are you talking to antuan ?
but , dear christian ... you have to seperate reality from fiction .	but my dear christian , we must distinguish between fantasy and reality .
there is no-one else !	we do n't have anyone else !
if the delivery exceeds 125000 litres , it is to be subdivided into batches of 125000 litres or under .	if the supplied van contains more than 125,000 litres , they shall be divided into approximately the same large batch of a maximum of 125,000 litres .
should we be doing this with them there ?	are we gon na do this in front of them ?
the thing 's launching from south florida .	it 's gon na burn out of southern florida .
they are having an energetic and very happy conversation—though it looks a bit forced—because , to a man , they are carrying long weapons out in plain sight .	they lead an energetic and highly contented conversation - though it seems a little forced - because they carry visible long weapons into one .
performance under influence factor and electromagnetic disturbance 3.1 .	operation in action affecting sizes and electromagnetic disturbances 3.1 .
the three men had a short but animated discussion .	three men were brief , but they discussed vividly .
germany shall put an end to the present excessive deficit situation as rapidly as possible and at the latest by 2007 .	germany will eliminate the current surplus as quickly as possible , but not later than 2007 .
you 're wasting a foot of timber .	you do n't waste wood .
others also began to cry , or laugh , or fight .	others also started crying or laughing or fighting each other .
light dreams of darkness .	the darkness could illuminate the darkness .
i think it 's terrible .	this is really terrible .
he planned on taking beatriz tatoosh with him .	he was planning to take beatriz tatoosha .
you 've got photographs of me ?	you have pictures on which i 'm on ?
oh shit ! shit !	god damn it !
this man is n't shep huntleigh .	it 's not shep huntleigh !
promise me not to go away .	promise me you wo n't leave .
we 've been taking evidence the narcotics division confiscated and selling it off ourselves .	we stole the confiscated drugs from the narcotics unit , and we kept selling them .
it ai n't on any stolen list that i 've come across .	he 's not on the list of stolen .
someone was walking slowly , steadily , through the hangar .	someone is taking a slow and steady pace over the hangar .
certification quota extension failure processing time in microseconds .	period of processing failed to extend quotas under the certification ( in microseconds )
washing ... finished !	laundry 's done .
my old man tells me the thorns make their own hats ... ... because they do n't sell 'emlarge enough for their big heads !	my dad said thorn was making his own hats , because he did n't get big enough on his big heads .
wish i was doin ' that kinda money .	i wish i 'd made so much money .
it 's an entire city full of buyers .	that 's full of town full of customers .
we are all getting out .	we 're leaving , everyone .
i do n't feel that well .	i 'm not feeling very well .
there is much that you do not understand .	there 's a lot you do n't know .
my mom said ku 's dad committed crimes !	my mom says that dad kzua committed a murder .
'what 's your wife say about it ? '	`` what does your wife tell you ? ''
which means that by the time we 've learned from our errors , we 've been replaced by younger upstarts who make those errors all over again .	which means that before we can learn from our own mistakes , our places will come to younger ones who will repeat those mistakes .
this is why i listen to you .	that 's why i 'm listening .
like a little bit pathetic . in , like , a cute way .	kind of ... pathetic .
we did the work together , let 's present the paper together .	we worked together , so we 're going to present it together .
i will not let him put gabriela security risk .	i wo n't let you endanger gabriel 's safety .
our orders were to kill your entire family .	we should have killed your whole family .
new crobuzon hands had thrown their belongings down .	the property threw them out of new crobuzon 's hands .
well-designed development can reduce risks but can also increase them , as is often seen .	properly designed development may reduce the risk , but also increase how it happens in many cases .
you all have your spare shells ?	do you each have any extra bullets ?
why does everyone act like they know me ?	why do they all behave as if they knew me ?
this is a private thing i 've sworn to do and nobody 's going to stop me . ''	this is my private thing , i swore i 'd do it , and nobody would stop me. ``
stop messin ' around , this is n't funny .	stop complicating it , that 's not funny .
can not find compressor for smart recompression type	the compression type of a given type intelligent re-compression can not be found .
but sometime they change their mind .	but sometimes he changes his mind .
i 'm not giving it to anybody else	i do n't give it up to anyone .
marked hiking and cycling trail , a restaurant .	the tourist chartered route and bike path , the cruise restaurant .
`` chmeee asked , `` have you knowledge of how that laser beam was produced ? ''	`` what do you know about the design of the laser beam ? '' said the kzin .
initially , directive 74/150/eec was aimed exclusively at agricultural or forestry tractors .	the original directive 74 / 150 / eec applied exclusively to agricultural and forestry tractors .
i 'm staying at my mother 's .	i 'll stay with my mom .
in spite of his unsettling and painful experience , he was eager to reestablish the psychic link with the creatures that were in pursuit of the dawsons .	despite a recent painful and disturbing experience , he wanted to reconnect with the beings who pursued dawson 's .
we didn ’ t notice it at the time , but it was shortly thereafter that the resurrections ceased .	we did n't watch it then , but it soon stopped all the revivals .
just slow down , momma , you 're gon na rip it !	slow down , mom , or you 'll be torn .
your cabin 's a real beaut .	your cottage is really beautiful .
we pay you to deliver , you deliver !	you 're paid to deliver it .
they ai n't dumb .	they 're not stupid .
you looking for tickets ?	you want a ticket ?
baba listen your way .	baba listens to us .
if we will give him refuge in our kingdom	he would want to know if he would be granted asylum in our kingdom .
nobody ever suspected the hairbrush ?	no one suspected a comb ?
you do n't want to talk to my mom , do you ?	you 're not gon na tell your mom , are you ?
consequently , the directive is restricted to prohibiting dismissals purely as a result of the transfer .	therefore , the directive prohibits only such redundancies , where the only reason for the transfer is the transfer .
i even miss my shuttle , occasionally .	sometimes i miss the drop boat .
since metal conducts heat , were these twisted remains formed by high temperatures wicking their way through a gridwork of steel ?	because the metal runs the heat , has these twisted bits created a great heat , rising over a steel network of nooks ?
that face was not lying : sophia was dead .	his face did n't lie : sophie is truly dead .
what 's the bloomin ' noise ?	what kind of noise is that ?
and is this imminent ?	and that 's instant ?
battalion 38 responding to fourth alarm .	unit 38 arrived at 4th alert .
they do n't fear swords .	he 's not afraid of swords .
my cousin , his never dropped .	my cousin did n't stand up .
this is n't fast . you wan na see fast ?	no , you want to see him go fast .
was that my phone ?	is the phone ringing ?
eenie ... ... meenie ... ... miney ...	entenboys ... .. .two blocks ...
her skin was very good , her breasts small and not apt to sag much .	she had excellent skin and small breasts , which do n't go too well .
reach you personal check ? very line personal we cash for that checks until $ 100 pay rol check with cash until 300	personal checks to $ 100 ... and payrol 's $ 300 cheques .
i 'm gon na pack some stuff .	i want to pack a few things .
i 'll make her up a room in the passenger dorm .	i 'll give her one of the passengers ' rooms .
he believes that mom sees nothing .	he thought mom would n't notice .
now go and play .	ok , go play !
for this reason the woodworking sector is encouraged to exploit the opportunities available under the horizon 2020 programme .	it therefore calls on the wood-working industry to take advantage of the opportunities offered by horizon 2020 .
next checkup is at 26 weeks .	the next check will be in the 26th week .
at 70 centimetres deep ...	70 centimeter depth .
here are the handguns : four walthers , one parabellum .	here we have the pistols : 4 walters , 1 parabela .
oh , telephone 's for you , mr .	you have a phone , mr. osterman .
commodities continue - the historic run-up in price .	prices of products offer historic highs .
all this stuff started , and it died .	but as the whole thing started , she was dead .
sleep on the sofas ?	sleeping in the seat ?
and that was a bit awkward , actually . so if you do wan na change hotels , i quite understand .	but it was n't so weird , so ... ... if you want to change the hotel , i get it .
the transaction was made at once .	the transaction has been carried out .
no , we 're gon na need all our manpower for evidence control and witness processing .	we 'll need all personnel to examine the evidence and interrogation of witnesses .
i 'm going to monitor you and any other woman that gets pregnant or is pregnant now every step of the way .	i will keep you in check , like all other women who are or will be pregnant .
the cops are coming in ?	the police will come ?
while workers are on work equipment designed for lifting loads the control position must be manned at all times .	in the presence of staff at work facilities for the lifting of loads , the control post shall be kept busy .
hey . old age happened .	it came of age .
there might be others .	maybe there 's more .
i obviously could have , but how come i 've never won anything ?	of course i did , but why did n't i win anything ?
the political circumstances have changed .	politics and circumstances are different .
the challenges facing european institutions have become so wide and so complex that they can only be tackled in partnership :	the challenges faced by european institutions are already so far-reaching , and it is difficult to deal with them in partnership :
others died from the fumes it spewed forth .	others died of poisonous splodges he vented
an allied victory inevitable ! ( cid:25 )	the victory of the allies is inevitable !
well done , pheebs .	very good , phoebe .
who could smash your skull open with a single punch .	you can blow up your skull with one shot .
mr attorney general , sir , we have no explanation .	mr. state 's attorney , we ca n't explain .
but why save fuel up here ... ... while they are dying ?	but what is the point of saving fuel when people die ?
get me a large grenache in a large glass and a small cigar .	and one that 's in the big glass , and one big cigar .
someone 's seen this girl .	someone saw the woman .
a bőrt le kell öblíteni vízzel/zuhanyozás .	and on the altar of the robbansvesl miatt 's tumblebuoy kell the végeitch .
we talk , that 's all .	we were just talking .
he was never prosecuted .	they never indicted him .
i 'm gon na get you it 's gon na be okay .	i 'll get you from ... everything will be fine .
get your cell pod ! get your helmet liner ! get your pistol belt !	pick up your emoji , get your helmet , belt on the gun .
a suicide mission to whack out the one guy that could finger keyser söze .	self-murder mission to kill a man who knew keyser soze .
amigo we go to america there are bank s all over the place .	amigo , we 're going to america , there 's banks everywhere .
they shoot counterrevolutionaries .	and counter-revolutionaries are shooting .
giordino could feel the beat of the engines increase as the ship began to make headway .	giordino felt the engine speed accelerate and the ship began moving forward .
there was plenty of talk about mazer rackham but precious little video of his actual battle .	a lot of shots with the upbeat talk of mazer rackich , but the only innate , short picture of his real battle .
witnesses to our master 's wretched demise .	witness the unfortunate death of our lord .
there is no selling of legs of duck on the market ?	did they sell no duck 's feet in the market ?
man '' . not sleeping well ?	do n't you sleep well ?
everything 's still kind of blurry .	it 's all a little blurry .
if there 's one thing i 've learned in my business : lawyers do n't act on their own .	if i have learned anything , the fact that lawyers never act for themselves .
earlier application is permitted .	earlier applications are allowed .
explanation consultation of the esrb on measures imposed in exceptional situations by esma may allow for appropriate incorporation of the macro-prudential perspective in the contemplated interventions .	reason the esrb 's consultation with regard to measures in place in emergency situations could help to appropriately involve macro-prudential risks in the intended interventions .
lucy loved what she did no matter who she worked for .	lucy loved her job was one thing she worked with .
you 're wrong , not me .	it was n't me .
debates about immigration nowadays tend to concentrate on the impact newcomers have on social cohesion .	discussions about migration now focus more on the impact of immigrants on society 's cohesion .
you put on a shirt	you 're gon na wear your shirt .
but you worked for the cops as an informer !	but you 've cooperated with the police .
well , the candy police are n't here today .	it 's great that there 's no candy police here .
but some doubts are more difficult to shake .	but some doubt is much harder to dispel .
leto waved off a persistent vendor , though the spicy-salty broths and broiled meat sticks smelled delicious .	leto waved one of the expectant salesmen , though its spiced brooms and grilled mass fillers smelled great .
you 're incredibly difficult to work with .	it 's hard working with you .
let 's get you to bed .	i 'll put you in bed .
it 's only corporations .	he 's just a corporation .
he was drinking heavily .	he drank a lot .
just tragic that parents ... would send their kids out to beg like that .	it 's a tragedy when parents send children begging .
when my life lost most of its meaning ... ... i started gambling every day	my life was very dull then , i started playing every day .
he stared back into yabu 's eyes , hoping he had covered his dangerous lapse .	he firmly returned jabe 's eye and hoped that he had managed to cover up a dangerous outing .
you abuse your position as journalist and grow addicted to risk .	you are abusing a journalist , increasing dependency on risk .
but we worked on it -- counseling and so forth ,	but we were working on that ... counselling , etc .
you can not go in there .	no , you ca n't come in here .
that 's strange . is clearly a black man feet !	strange , i 'm sure i 've seen men 's feet in black socks .
what kind of faggot talk is that ?	what are you talking about , you faggot ?
i 'm not giving you no key .	i wo n't give you the keys .
fuck , look at that !	watch it , damn it !
i -- i -- i got ta look after my dad .	i ... i have to keep an eye on my father .
something 's got to come off .	something must go down .
we 've known nothing but war !	we know nothing more than war .
i 'm sorry , miss geller ...	excuse me , mrs. skeller ...
have you seen the numbers on sexual assaults ?	did you see the amount of sexual assault ?
but then , did n't the same logic require that they murder all the other survivors , too ?	but then , would the same logic not be required to be killed by everyone else who survived ?
make sure automatic updates is not turned off .	please verify that the automatic update service is not disabled .
the process for individual kosovo citizens to apply for visas has been made easier .	the treatment of kosovo 's individual citizens on a visa was simplified .
marriage changes things .	the wedding will change everything
the reform of the judicial system is making good progress .	considerable progress has also been made in judicial reform .
we had the first world war ,	it started with world war i
and then i was listening with her .	she listened , and i listened .
we 've got safety billboards going up , we 're going to stop lighting the tower at night , and we 're putting the guard rails in .	we 're just setting up billboards for security , overnight the tower wo n't be shining , and we 'll put the lights on .
with three hours to go ?	3 hours before the run ?
this was where they took this photo .	here 's the photo .
jack 's calling in .	jack on the phone .
i used to dream about babies .	i dreamed of children .
sorry to take you away from your game .	i 'm sorry we pulled you out of the game .
a time to be born , a time to die .	time of birth ... death time ...
the symbolism 's pretty obvious .	that 's a clear symbol .
true inspiration 's impossible to fake .	inspiration can not be faked .
was he a baby ?	was it an infant ?
a firm which generates only small profits or generates neither profits nor losses can not in fact be regarded as sound and profitable .	an enterprise showing only a small gain or no profit or loss can be effectively deemed to be healthy and profligate .
he 's one tough bastard .	son of a bitch .
week from 10/23/2000 until 10/29/2000	weekly form 23.10.2000 until 29.10.2000
he gets pulled into their robbery crew to be a getaway driver .	he was dragged into his robbery gang to make a chauffeur on the run .
i 'd put on women 's clothing and go out at nights	then in the women 's clothes the trávil all night
well , i mean , he 's really great . i like him a lot .	i want to say , he 's great and i love him so much ...
there are parallels in earth culture .	it 's similar to earth 's cultures .
unable to login to vkontakte , authentication failure .	failed to log in to contact due to an authentication error .
oh , it 's horrible !	this is terrible !
i 'm going to kill whoever did this to her .	i 'll kill anyone who 's got anything to do with it !
burton had to trust someone , though .	but burton must have believed someone .
you wan na put him on drugs ?	you want to hit him with pills ?
this would have been the true catastrophe .	that would be the real disaster .
that ... can be eternal , or just a word .	it can either be infinite or it may be one word .
he says you 'll love it .	he said you 'd like him .
olivia gave kristen a haircut last night .	olivia was cutting kristen out tonight .
we wondered what had happened to karli .	we were wondering how karli was .
but to tell you the truth , nobody really knows .	but in truth , no one knows , and no one can know ...
there 's nothing i can fucking do .	shit , i ca n't do anything about it .
i 'm yermakov , ivan and he was john	i 'm lvan jermakov and that 's john .
he cured this woman 's ovarian cancer by giving her wheatgrass douches .	he cured his wife of lung cancer by flagging the juices of wheat .
i promise i ’ ll make you feel good . ”	i promise you will be pleasant. ``
cooperation between customs administrations should therefore be stepped up , staff given greater powers and genuine european strategies designed to combat fraud .	it is therefore necessary to develop the cooperation of customs administrations , strengthen customs , and act in the fight against fraud , according to truly strategic european procedures .
one man here has made 17 attempted escapes .	one of them has 17 attempts to escape .
'our heading was not true north - perhaps a little west of north - what odds ?	we did n't fly straight north - maybe with a slight variation to the west - what difference does it make ?
you are so handsome .	you 're such a beauty ...
it belongs in a museum .	he should be at the museum .
but either the darkness had grown complete , or else his eyes had lost their sight .	but it was too dark , or his eyes stopped to see .
i 've got a weak nose .	my nose is brittle .
`` and true plain hearts do in the faces rest .	`` and in these faces lay a sincere , pure heart .
things at the bar are insane .	it 's crazy in the bar .
please refer to your telescope manual for alignment instructions .	instructions for comparison of binoculars can be found in his manual .
can i get your keys ?	would you please give me the keys ?
this was an issue from 2002	it was the 2002 number ,
well , what about ?	what was going on ?
furthermore , the plastic material used to cover thongs shall be transparent and smooth-surfaced .	the potash plastic material must also be transparent with a smooth surface .
no xchat_plugin_init symbol ; is this really an xchat plugin ?	does not exist xchat _ plugin _ init ; será mesmo plugin para o xchat ?
salto euromed ha desarrollado una estrategia de formación específica que ha permitido aumentar la calidad de los proyectos y crear nuevas asociaciones .	salto euro-med ( support for advanced learning and training opportunities ) anvendte en sćrlig uddannelsesstrategi , som gjorde det muligt at thhne projektornes qualitet og etablere nye partnerskaber .
the house would probably be sold , too , and it would go for a large sum .	the house is likely to sell and will come to a high amount .
hey there… lt. col. cameron mitchell here .	hello , this is colonel cameron mitchell .
this may have been caused by a memory allocation failure .	error when allocating memory .
that 's not what i wrote !	i did n't write this !
nobody knows and nobody gets a big picture ...	nobody knows that much .
king frederick had given speeches , warning his people that they would be required to make sacrifices for the good of mankind .	king frederick delivered speeches , in which he warned his subjects that a victim would be needed in the interest of humanity .
a prime quality loans : there are three sub-categories .	and priceless quality : it has three subcategories .
i have n't forgotten . mother 's memento .	i remember it belonged to my mother .
now , doc , is this your correct email ?	doctor , do you have a proper e-mail here ?
yes , there is . it says :	yeah , he 's here , he says .
looks like she can not have children .	she ca n't seem to have kids .
und then i 'll be famous . you 'll see . you 'll see .	and when i 'm famous ... ... you 'll see !
we can not allow ...	we ca n't afford ...
if that 's what you wan na watch .	if you want to look at it .
do you not you see , we are what the enemy fears the most ?	is n't it clear what our enemies fear most ?
i thought your pointof view might be useful .	well ... i thought i could use your opinion .
perhaps whatever is afflicting these people is creating some sort of rapid mitosis , causing the cells to replicate exponentially , duplicating body parts .	what those people have suffered seems to be creating some accelerated mitosis that causes the exponential replication of cells . parts of the body are getting closer .
i have no fucking idea .	i do n't know .
now located , miles gauged by the angle of the floor , about two-and-a-half meters down and to the west of his present location .	miles estimated that they would be at the bend of the floor about two and a half yards below him and west of his current position .
pray , pray sit down , mr clennam .	please have a seat , mr. clennam .
something that can remove my cancer .	something to get rid of the cancer .
as she started to climb out of bed , elena reached out suddenly and drew her tightly to her body .	she yanked off the bed , but when she was about to jump off the bed , elena pulled her over and held her tight to her chest .
when was he found ?	when did they find him ?
the buyer hedges his receivables/obligations against an unexpected movement of interest rates , however if the movement of interest rates is opposite , the buyer profits from this development .	the buying option will secure its claims / liabilities against the expected interest rate movement , but if interest rate trends are reversed , it benefits in this development .
they do n't work .	it 's not working .
'what 's this ? ' coll grunted .	'what is it ? 'coll growled .
mr b. requested mr t. to let him know whether that counteroffer should be accepted .	mr b. is calling on mr t to tell him whether he has to accept this counterfactual .
“ and it was his murderer speaking ! ” finished m. bouc impressively .	`` -and his killer , '' said m. bouc triumphantly .
visitors from our neighbourhood go through cumbersome and lengthy procedures when applying for visas to visit the eu .	visitors from neighbouring countries are undergoing a long and lengthy procedure when applying for a visa application .
she was simply a shape formed of pseudo-flesh , a body without a person .	it 's simply a matter shaped into a pseudo-body , a body with no personality .
you 're gon na leave tracks .	you 're going to leave marks !
|| permit for establishing and managing a secondary processing company	| | permissions to set up and manage the secondary processing company
why ? is it a lot ?	is there so much ?
ex ante evaluation verifies whether the needs put forward to justify an intervention are genuine .	whether the need underlying the intervention is real is verified by the ex ante evaluation .
and by an astonishing reversal , it is now the animal that will stalk man , capture him , and reveal him to his own truth .	as a result of a strange twist , the animal now lurks on humans , captures it , and reveals its truth to him .
okay , just get my bag .	all right , just give me the suitcase .
that complaint becomes more serious in view of the fact that the decisions of such quasi-courts are usually subject to appeal before the genuine courts of the state .	this complaint is even more pronounced if the decision of these pseudo courts is contested before the actual courts of a member state .
the entire priesthood was sitting around it and watching it carefully , in case it did anything amusing or religious .	there were all priests around him , watching intently for the event that he would do something amazing or holy .
say not a word ...	do n't say anything , please do n't say anything .
mr gazmán - your recommendation ?	mr. gassman , do you have any suggestions ?
i have felt things ... ... these past few weeks ... ... that i did n't know i could feel anymore .	i 've felt something in the last few weeks that i 've never expected .
that 's fifty percent .	we 're at 50 percent .
why don ’ t we pick up and just go ?	why do n't we just grab a ride ?
those crazy jerks !	look at these fools !
'son of a bitch ! ' he yelled .	`` oh-ho-ho ! '' he shouted .
ctu is running an undercover operation to retrieve them as we speak .	at this point , the people of ctu are conducting a covert operation to retrieve it .
gentlemen , shortly you will be provided thompson submachine guns , bars and a .351 winchestersemi-automatic rifle .	gentlemen , you 'll soon receive the handguns of thompson , browning 's rifles and a winchester semi-automaton .
wo n't kill me for years .	it 's not gon na kill me .
we , we are good . that 's good .	we 're both ... we 're fine .
i am going to be very busy drinking wine and-and getting massaged with hot rocks .	i 'll drink wine and get a massage of hot rocks .
oh , i love this highway .	i love these highways !
“ is all right i invite ma-ree sin-clair today ? ”	`` is it okay if i ask ma-ra sin-clair for today ? ''
but actually , my name is mrs bouchtat now .	but now i 'm actually calling mrs. bouchdad .
it thanks , so .	oh , thank you , yes .
mama 's got you . mama 's got you .	mom will take care of you .
it might have been simpler if i had known	maybe it would be easier if i knew .
you ai n't blind , honey , now , take it easy .	baby , you 're not blind , come on , calm down .
do n't touch my laptop .	put on my laptop !
god ! you try sleeping once in a while , you could see that for yourself .	if you ever tried to sleep , you 'd see it yourself .
wait for beckett to get here , all right ?	just wait till beckett gets here .
pt manter fora do alcance das crianças .	pt conservar em ambiente fresco .
i dropped my sexton in the stew .	my sextant fell into my soup .
no military configurations are available at this time ’ .	the military configuration is not available at the moment. ``
he pushed down upon the crown of his wide-brimmed black hat as a gust of wind struck them .	a sudden gust of wind was causing him to push his head into a black hat with a broad rim .
take it easy !	treat him gently !
or perhaps the thought of spending an eternity bending knee and tending sheep appeals to you .	or maybe you think about spending eternity on your knees and being a sheep .
he hadn ’ t been told to sit , after all , and you could never tell when some noble would decide that you were being presumptuous .	no one told him to sit down , and you never knew when a nobleman would accuse him of insolent behaviour .
lostara yil edged up from the sinkhole and squinted in an effort to pierce the gloom .	lostara yil climbed to the edge of the pit and squinted as she tried to break through the night .
no clinically relevant drug-drug interaction is expected .	clinically significant drug interactions are not expected .
choose a filename to save under	select file to save torrent
only a few small mammals coexisted with them .	... at the same time , there were a limited number of small mammals .
a distant bugle sounded .	from a distance there was a gulp .
it was alleged in the complaint that wam spa had been granted illegal public subsidies by italy .	in a complaint , the competitor claimed wam had received an unlawful grant from italy .
then maybe i did the smart thing .	i 've done a clever thing .
they fired him for stalking customers .	he was fired because he molested customers .
this thing is giving me the creeps .	it gives me chills .
nobody acts sincere .	no one is being honest .
we 're confirming that now .	now it 's confirmed .
sigrid : it is an escaped sheep .	the sheep ran away .
jesus , this does n't make any sense .	oh , god , that makes no sense .
we'il have dinner at our favorite french restaurant , ok ?	let 's go to a french restaurant for dinner , okay ?
we will return shortly .	we 'll be back soon .
if you are receiving but can not transmit , please respond by signal flare .	if you accept and you ca n't broadcast , please answer the signal flare .
torn muscles , perforated armpits , head sewn back together , damaged spinal column , broken clavicle , punctured lung ...	a torn underarm muscle , broken armpits , a severed head , a severed spine , a broken spine , a broken collarbone , a ruptured skin ...
my mom , she likes women .	my mother 's on the girls .
who ? who is it that said this ?	and who told you ?
okay , dr. aldridge .	all right , dr .
a lengthier period should accordingly be allowed in that event .	it is therefore appropriate to allow a longer period of time .
jeremy could n't be here .	jeremy was unable to attend .
have martial art skills failed to be handed down ?	does n't martial arts practice ?
disable the autorepublish feature while this workbook is open	disable autore-publishing in this workbook after its opening
when that profit is being calculated , costs incurred are deducted .	the calculation of this profit shall be deducted from the costs incurred .
kif , you have n't said a word all night .	you did n't say a word for the whole evening .
we just wanted to let you know this was the worst wedding we have ever been to .	we 're just going to tell you that we were n't at a bad wedding .
we 're castaways whom you 've charitably taken aboard , we 'll never forget that .	we are the survivors , whom you have graciously accepted on board , and we will not forget it .
everybody 's saying that .	everyone says so .
it 'd be faster to let the kashfari military handle it .	it would be quicker if the cashfarian army took care of it .
are you hearing this , boys ?	did you hear that , guys ?
ncts data the commission carries out continuous analysis of non-completed ncts transit movements .	nits data shall be kept up to date by the commission to analyse outstanding transit moves in the application of nits .
the man a step behind him also wore fine clothes -although reduced by dust and sweat to little more than shapeless sacks hanging from his lean frame .	the man behind him was also a pretty dress - though the dust and sweat had changed them into a shapeless bag that clung to his thin body .
by any chance , did your car have a black box camera installed on it ?	do you happen to know if the car had a black box ?
yes , we will give a feast surprise .	we 're gon na have a surprise party for her as a surprise .
you should n't be sorry .	you have nothing to apologize for .
no wonder our airplanes couldn ’ t find this place .	no wonder the planes could n't find you .
stay in your place !	stay where you are !
i told him that you need a couple of weeks more to rehabilitate .	i told them it would last two weeks .
hood would make his apologies and hausen , gentleman that he was , would probably accept them .	he will apologize to him , and hausen , a gentle man , will probably accept the apology .
the champion of dmc world championship china	dmc championship champions championships .
jennifer , this is embarrassing !	jennifer , it 's a disgrace .
with most of his skin burned off , his body fluids were leaking away .	the remains of burnt skin easily released bodily fluids out .
shell commands matching keyword `	shell orders consistent with keyword ``
there is a warrant against you from the holy four for assisting the ferriers away . ''	the holy council of four has issued an arrest warrant for you , since you have been assisting the ferrier to escape. ``
please make her come home !	please let him come back .
the friend with me	i have your friend .
especially when one does not know who he is	especially if you do n't know who it is
elementary grammar , virtually no communicative skills	basic grammatical phenomena , virtually zero-hours communication skills
it does feel bad , does n't it ?	it 's not a good feeling , is it ?
how was your week at work ?	what week did he have ?
passwords for web connections	password to connect to web
'chyrellos is doomed then ? '	`` so chyrellos 's lost ? ''
orcs do n't know it . they go round for miles and miles .	he 's miles around .
this is n't comin ' from dad . this is comin ' from me .	it 's not from my father , it 's from me .
what are you asking for ?	why do you ask ?
calm down , peter !	take it easy , peter .
ilka , whose talent was growing , could touch the minds of all the company , feeling their thoughts .	ilka , whose talents were rising , could have touched everyone 's mind and sensed their thoughts .
its screaming engine and clattering rotors were so loud that joe could not have made himself heard to his companions unless he shouted .	the engine roared so much , the propeller rattled so that joe had to shout for his companions to hear him .
but it 's masaccio that we are here to see .	however , we came here to look at masaccia .
my boy , now , he 's always speaking of her .	my son is still talking about her .
so it 's an interview about an interview , you know ?	those are interviews about interviews , you know .
you 'd rather spend the rest of your life in prison protecting your so-called friend ?	you want to protect your little friend and get a life sentence ?
you are either at the hospital or in prison and always bored m. matei ?	did you have reason to end up in prison or hospital , mr. mattei ?
the first helicopter had n't arrived . there was nothing i could do .	the helicopter did not come , there was nothing to be done .
you are going to be fine .	you 're gon na be okay .
is she also a mechanic ?	is he mechanical , too ?
another had disappeared .	the other was gone .
you knew all along it was she who was murdered .	you know she was killed the whole time .
he breathe it .	he took a breath !
strube saatzucht kg söllingen , deutschland saatzucht hadmersleben gmbh d-hadmersleben cpb twyford ltd herts , united kingdom van dijke semo b.v .	po box 500 slater , united states eurosemen sa champaign , united states cargill seeds department po box 9300 , us-55440 minneapolis dairyland seed co .
has cathy been behaving horribly again ?	did cathy treat you badly again ?
before he becomes just another crime statistic .	before the next item of crime statistics happen .
who does he say is gon na win ?	who said it was going to win ?
we 'll have her in the air in 24 hours .	he can fly within 24 hours .
i have no more time . ”	i do n't have any more time. ``
it is 7 of us ...	there 's seven of us .
she had meant to pounce right upon stupid elbryan 's back , driving her wooden practice sword into the back of his neck .	she wanted to jump on the back of the stupendous elbryan and stab a wooden training sword from the back of her throat .
just walking next to strangers , talking total nonsense ?	go with a complete stranger and talk nonsense ?
we 're up to almost 20 arrests at last count .	we got nearly 20 people arrested .
again , entirely unexpected !	that was another totally unexpected thing !
bloody poets never sleep .	you never sleep the curse of a poet ?
grab some beers ! let 's do this !	grab a couple of beers and get in here !
get this fucking bitch off me . - fucking psycho , man .	get that bitch out of here !
melbourne 's greatest chefs ...	best chef with melbourne ...
the reason i like this horse a little , my jockey says the jockey riding faith healer has got a grand riding on him .	the horse is speaking to me because , according to my jockey , the rider on the miracle healer put the whole tray on that horse .
we will explode the neutronic bomb .	we 're going to detonate the neutronew bombu .
i have a lot of students as it is .	i 've got too many students .
they were odd-looking fellows those courtiers , with their five or six shirts swathed around their bodies !	the courtiers were strange people , with five to six straying shirts on the body .
the pneumococcus lodging in the mucous membranes of his upper respiratory tract now stuck to his `` flypaper '' trachea .	the pneumococcal tendrils in the upper respiratory tract of the upper respiratory tract were therefore firmly attached to the wall of the windpipe .
my patient 's due another treatment in a few days .	my patient needs the medication within a couple of days .
i hope it is n't hurt .	i hope she 's not damaged .
i 'll wait on my own .	i 'll be waiting by myself .
early in my career , this reaction troubled me ; it made me wonder whether i had , in fact , overlooked something obvious .	when i started my career , these reactions bothered me ; they bored me to the question of whether i really overlooked anything .
he 'd never given her a chance to say , and had n't read the outline .	he did not give her an opportunity to tell him , and did not read her instructions .
here we go and roll nine . take nine .	the nine 's on .
is n't it silly ?	and it 's not stupid ?
this is where `` m from .	that 's where i 'm from .
'might brighten up your night . '	`` it might lighten up on you all night . ''
your fathers , taken by the silver beards and their most reverend heads dash 'd to the walls .	your father 's father is yours ... ... for your silver beard ... ... and your heads are revered against the wall .
the doctors say they 've never seen a body fight so hard to live .	doctors said they never saw the body that would have so fought for their lives .
i promised i 'd save that one for mom .	i made a promise to play with my mom .
it is a mind-boggling thought .	it 's an astounding idea ...
edward had let a little of his real self peek out where the police could see .	edward allowed my right-hand man to look a little bit where the police might have seen it .
nobody was ever found .	they never found anyone .
but you did n't .	but it 's not .
hitler had a headquarters near there .	hitler was close to hq .
please . yeah , i know it 's a challenging period ...	yes , i know we 're going through a difficult time .
the curse came back on crystal .	the curse has turned against crystal !
tue 23.12.2008 6:00 - 13:30 sat-sun 24 . - 28.12.2008 closed mon 29.12.2008 6:00 - 13:30	- 28.12.2008 closed after 29.12.2008 6 : 00 - 13 : 30 út 30.12.2008 6 : 00 - 13 : 30 st 31.12.2008 closed ct 1.1.2009 closed fri .
the military courts will show them .	a court martial will show him .
it will always be .	there 's always been .
thatthere is n't a creative intelligence at work ?	there 's no creative intelligence working here ?
the schedule of this closure is decided by each member state .	a member state shall decide on the timetable for such a closure .
that response had not been permissible .	such an answer was not admissible .
i 'm reaching people in countries with no food or running water .	they know me from a country where there 's no food or flowing water .
these are all the chordae tendinae and these are the papillary muscles .	so this is a mess , and these are papilar muscles .
will ask for the police	i 'll call the police .
every station 's in color .	all stations are colored .
i always forget passwords .	i keep forgetting the password .
this is several planes which all disappear .	it 's a couple of planes that disappear .
remember the war days forty-odd years ago when you were seventeen and the toast of mishima ?	you remember those wartime times forty years ago , when you were a seventeen-year-old michelin king .
father lives , mother dead .	dad 's alive , not mom .
it does if he knows he 's being filmed .	he did n't do it , he knew he was filming .
they 're pulling our bail on the church assault .	he 's got bail for the church attack .
sound file was not defined .	no audio file specified .
they 're directed at men and also lesbians .	they are designed by men , as well as lesbians .
everything was done as it was supposed to be done .	we 've done everything in a way that should have been done .
fifty thousand miles near , maybe .	it was perhaps eighty thousand miles away .
there was never any mistaking the strange and terrible light of eyes like those .	a strange , terrible gleam in his eyes could never be mistaken .
to living , related donors --	over a potential living donor -
are n't you angry ?	you 're not mad ?
martin tuček – project finance director	martin tucek - director of financial projects
does somebody need a spanking ?	someone needs a beating ?
she is great !	she 's amazing .
mr. albrektsson 's poodle has four puppies	mr albrektsson said his dog was born four puppies
your job must be very difficult .	you must have a hard job .
their unions had sent almost that much , with another $ 2 million promised .	the union had sent nearly as many , and two more were promised .
ember alone was n't the killer .	ember herself was not a murderer .
the princess listened to him in silence , her small toad-like face quite impassive .	the princess heard him silently , and nothing moved on her little turtle face .
it would also seem that grassland can consume nitrogen over distinctly longer periods than other crops .	moreover , grassland seems to be able to consume nitrogen for a clearly longer period than other cultures .
unless polly gives me coffee , and then it might be a little longer .	if polly ca n't get me a cup of coffee , then i 'll come back later .
i can not let this continue .	i ca n't allow it to continue .
nobody under six feet 's gon na have size 14 ... whoa !	no one under 180 feet will have 14 .
coz things gon na be fucking ugly real fast in here , if we are are not fucking careful .	'cause it 's gon na get ugly if we do n't fucking watch it .
who 's that mom ' ?	who is he , mama ?
now you 're done !	now it 's done .
is she gon na be back ?	will he come back ?
oh , god , you 're not hurt , are you ?	god , i hope you did n't hurt yourself .
i will bring food , water , blankets - the seer will pay little heed to her cries , for she is always crying these days .	i 'll bring you food , water and blankets - a fortune-teller is not paying attention , because he 's been screaming all the time .
this is what we got going on today .	so here 's what 's happening today .
but you 're not ...	but you wo n't be .
a user 's guide explaining clearly the legal rights and obligations when accepting an awarded grant should be made available by the commission .	the commission should provide a handbook in which it explains the rights and obligations of the law relating to the granting and acceptance of the grant .
maybe you could use it for your dream , or to get your legs waxed , or something .	you can buy your dream ... or you can go to deejay or i 'll know .
oh , this is heavenly .	it 's divine .
not when i look like five miles of bad road !	not if i 'm staring at a few miles of broken roads !
allocation key used for reduction of budget with regard to realization when calculating cashflow forecasts .	the layout key used to reduce the budget in relation to implementation
everybody 's equal with a drink in their hand .	when they have a drink , they are all equal .
-h after a consonant is a palatal ( tongue on roof of mouth ) , as : paidhi=pait ’ - ( h ) ee .	h after connacht is palate ( with tongue on the floor ) - for example , paidhi = pait '- ( h ) í .
it 's also good for making independent films on weekends .	they 're also going to film an independent film this weekend .
show your little rat faces .	let 's see the rat faces !
what 's it doing ?	what does he do ?
device for distance electric treatment	instrument for distorced electrical therapy
i can not wait to retire .	i ca n't wait for my pension .
on the surface of the moon ... maybe .	at a full moon , maybe .
maybe that 's okay for someone like you , whose career is winding down .	well , maybe that suits someone like you who are already out on their careers .
okay , let 's widen our interviews with friends and co-workers of the victim .	all right , we 'll extend interrogations to friends and fellow victims .
not a lot of dealers out there selling product on credit .	yeah , there are n't many dealerships that would sell the goods on credit .
i 've had such a blast .	i had an explosion like that .
he got no reply .	he did n't get the answer .
hogarth had better watch out ... or next thing you 'll be stealing his money !	hogarth should be careful , or he 'll even start stealing money .
professor , is that the anti-missile missile ? the one that 's supposed to make nuclear defense obsolete ?	are these missiles that will revolutionize nuclear defense ?
we got nothing to tie flass to the drugs or the murders .	we do n't have anything flass associated with those drugs or murders .
the harbour below it was thronged with ships .	the harbor beneath them was filled with boats .
the ship had insufficient power to sustain their lives .	the ship did n't have enough energy to keep them alive .
who does n't run when you yell , `` fire '' ?	who 's not running when someone is screaming fire ?
three men were sitting around it , finishing off a meal .	three men sat around him and finished their supper .
the surface of the sea resisted the shrieking wind , the silt-heavy water lifting in turgid swells that seemed reluctant to go anywhere .	the sea-wind was resisting the wind , and the mud-heavy water was rising in slow waves that seemed to keep on moving .
it was a bustling tamul town with an extensive harbor .	it 's a busy tamul city with a large port .
all right , there 's no need for threats .	threats are not needed .
we could not take advantage of the gift given to us	because we could n't use this gift
they do say the 'owling of a dog means death .	he says the howls of dogs announce death .
what 's your thinking ?	is that what you think ?
you are no elf .	you 're not an elf ...
i 've a favour to ask of you .	i have one request for you .
and since we were cooperating ... ... with the americans to catch him we want to take him back ourselves .	and because america had collaborated on his capture , we would want to return it ourselves .
lower your fucking weapon !	put the fucking gun down !
what the father is ill .	that dad is sick .
'like they all do ? ' put in shannow softly .	'like everyone else ? 'shannow asked quietly .
i never went to bed .	i did n't sleep .
i 'll help you get the meeting with your mom ...	so ... i 'm going to help you meet my mother .
'just one moment , ' she said brightly and , in one movement , reached under the bed and pulled out gaspode by the scruff of his neck .	`` just a minute , '' she said quietly , her only quick movement reaching under the bed , taking out gaspode 's skin on her neck .
it allowed the user to choose sounds by echelon or layer .	the user can select the sound according to degrees , or layers .
he was so small .	she 's so tiny .
the interinstitutional liaison accounts shall be reconciled monthly .	interinstitutional connecting accounts are approved each month .
no one normally gets hurt though .	usually , people do n't get hurt .
it all could have been avoided so incredibly easy .	it could be prevented much more easily .
the school bus will be here soon .	there 's a school bus in a minute .
it 's a one-year experiment .	the experiment takes one year .
mine makes the babies laugh .	it makes my baby smile .
and last ... invader skoodge !	and finally , conqueror renter .
or even an imagineer .	not even a pre-download .
you never did have any balls .	you 've never had the guts .
i 'll excuse myself .	i have to apologize .
okay ... i 'll get it cut at a salon	okay , i 'm gon na go cut to the lounge .
supporting farm risk management :	supporting the management of risks in farms ;
it would seem the old field medic made good after all .	it seems like an old field medic just did well .
we would have been rolling five hours ago .	and we 'd be flying for five hours !
fly ash is a fine , light powder , obtained by extracting powder particles from the combustion gases of furnaces fired with pulverised coal .	the soup-drinking is subtle , light dust obtained from the extraction of dust particles from the smoke gases of the oven to powdered coal .
fresh adrenalin flowed to tired muscles .	a new dose of adrenaline poured into his tired muscles .
captain ramirez did n't like the idea of accompanying chavez .	to captain ramírez , the idea was not to accompany chavez .
both : grid , grid , grid , grid , grid , grid , grid --	network , network , network , network , net , net ...
it ’ s run by kiril maddox . ”	he runs kiril maddox. ``
it 's an earring tree .	that 's a teachable tree
there 's something inside you that made you able to do it !	you have something in it that could have done it .
listen closely to me , valemen . ''	listen carefully , countrymen. ``
i 'm not mistaken .	i was n't wrong .
nobody wants to get involved ! randy !	no one wants to be involved .
rumsfeld ended up by sending 160.000 troops to iraq .	in the end , rumsfeld dispatched 160,000 troops into iraq .
this film has no end , only a need exit !	this movie does n't have an ending , just an emergency exit !
that 's a wonderful idea !	what an amazing idea !
dear lord , what has she landed us with this time ?	oh , my god , what did she get us into ?
perhapsjesus did n't perform any miracle .	snadjesus performed no miracles .
i 'm the only family you ever had !	he 's never had another family .
i 'm gon na get your 10 grand back .	i 'll return the ten grand .
your wife worn to nothing and at christmas too ?	so your wife will be sticking around for christmas ?
it 's perhaps ...	that might be ...
it should be working .	it 's supposed to work .
they 've done nothing to harm you . -	they did n't do anything to hurt you .
in that instant , sophie could finally see what they all were witnessing .	at that moment sophie finally saw what she was looking at .
'steering shaft` means the component which transmits to the steering gear housing the torque applied to the steering control .	2.14 `` control procedure '' means a component that transmits a torque operating into a steering gear into a steering gear .
did you hear about the gallingers ?	have you heard of gallinger ?
by now , america is well launchedinto an era of amazing madness .	by this time , america has had a stunning madness .
they looked out at the differences .	everyone is looking for differences .
hwi crossed to a red cushion only a few meters in front of leto 's face and sat on it .	the hwi went to the red pillow , which lay just yards away from leto 's face , and sat down .
we need this in writing , in recommendations with practical application , or we slip toward another line of policy .	we need to have it written as a recommendation , with practical applications , otherwise we will slide to another political line .
advpack.dll is missing a needed export .	the advpack.dll lacks the required export .
harnesses off ! one minute !	you have a minute !
well , they tell ya , never hit a man with a closed fist ... but it is , on occasion , hilarious .	they say you ca n't beat anyone with a tight fist ... ... but it 's funny sometimes .
i have a hunch of his wife is not gon na like it .	i do n't think his wife would have liked that .
up its ass .	he 's in his butt .
how do you not hear five gunshots ?	how could they have misheard five shots ?
maximum value of each bond issue can not exceed 10 per cent of fotex 's registered capital .	the maximum value of any of the bonus emissions shall not exceed 10 % of the base fortune of fotexu .
too many girls have seniority over me .	too many ladies are my superiors .
that 's got ta be against faa regs !	it must be against the faa .
where most creatures would perish from exposure polar bears thrive .	where the most animals would die , a polar bear lives merrily .
its bell was quiet , the understated sound lending an eerie emphasis .	his voice was quiet , but his restrained sound was eerily sharp .
you wan na quit ?	you want to go ?
the great actress ana a woman everybody wants and many have had .	anna is an excellent actress and also a woman whom everyone wants .
mm . perhaps our fathers are acquainted .	maybe our fathers know each other .
give me that truck ! - that 's not my truck !	it 's not my car , man .
everyone has got their cupcake ?	do you have any cake ?
what were british military intelligence doing in bukhoma ?	what does the british secret service do in bukhomu ?
is that fucking funny ?	do you think it 's funny ?
he had readily acknowledged arutha 's preemption of his command , for given its location , the garrison of sethanon lacked any real battlefield commanders .	he willingly accepted the fact that arutha was in command , because there were no real warlords in the garrison at sethanon , given her location .
but it 's dad 's famous sunday night hot dogs on the run ... time !	but today is my father 's favourite sunday night with hot dogs .
everything is to spec .	it 's all in the specifications .
mom never lets me have one .	my mom wo n't let me .
the promotion of innovative , multi-modal journey planners is a priority .	support for innovation , multi-modal planning paths are among the priorities .
that 's not very fair . '	`` it 's not fair at all ! ''
it will go far .	he 'll go a long way .
my children have the voices of angels , do n't they ?	my kids have a voice like angels .
my mother calls them lily - mama says lilies	their mother told them lilly mom , mum , mum said lilies
my bed is under sparrow 's bed	i have a bed under the ruble .
and the sail 's up .	the sail is taut !
fishscale profits are up .	the gains from fishbone are rising .
somehow i do n't think it 's a coincidence that you arrived shortly before they happened .	somehow , it seems to me that this is not a coincidence that they came to them moments after you came here .
time passes so quickly ...	time is running too fast .
like to be on my feet . - keep on the move .	i 'm happy on my feet , still in motion .
for he is lordlord lord lord ?	he 's the lord , the lord , the lord .
was it some kind of fever ?	did he get a fever ?
it could n't get to the primary target , so took a secondary one .	he could not reach the initial target , so he focused on the secondary .
they 're aphids .	it 's a walnut .
you must , though .	but you have to .
and then tomorrow there 's the circus !	and tomorrow will be a circus .
het i am sorry , madam .	excuse me , miss .
you 've got the cash ?	do you have any money ?
his abundant jewelry , bracelets and trinkets seemed equally enchanted , for they would ring and tinkle or remain perfectly silent , as the mercenary desired .	his jewellery and other baubles were apparently also enchanted , as they rang and clinched or were quite quiet , according to his wishes .
take it back at all costs .	get her back at any cost .
there is n't anyone ?	and there 's no one here ?
he wanted no one would say anything ?	would anyone like to say something ?
we ca n't enter ?	can we come in ?
critical-flow gas dividers , capillary-tube gas dividers , or thermal-mass-meter gas dividers may be used .	it is possible to use a gas divider with critical flow , a gas divider with a capillary tube or a gas divider with a quantity of heat .
mother , stop thinking so far ahead .	mom , do n't think ahead .
`` well , you 've made my life awesome . ''	`` thanks to you , i have an amazing life ! ''
it 's not healthy to sit inside all day and not do anything .	sitting inside the house all day and doing nothing is unhealthy .
but are you sure he 's not innocent ?	and he ca n't be innocent ?
died without any god , that protects us of them .	and even if they existed , there 's no god to protect us from them .
the repeat of last night .	yesterday is repeating .
cops arrest crooks , that 's the game	the police just arrest criminals .
`` would you like a tour of the cities when they were occupied ?	`` do you want to go through the city when it was inhabited ? ''
exactly daytime you can garden , but at night everything is closed	through the day , the garden is open , but the door is locked for the night .
this is to guard the hot dogs ?	a security guard as a hot dog ?
aside from killing them .	out of their killing .
i did n't lose the legs until'98 .	i lost my legs in '98 .
`` i go now to tell how my companions died .	`` i 'm going to announce the death of my comrades .
beneath lowered eyebrows , the vampire 's slitted eyes shot scarlet loathing at him .	the vampire glared at him with narrowed eyes from under his wrinkled brow .
paintball attack vyskov , company which offers their clients complete adrenalin services	paintball attack vyshkov offers his visitors a full-time adrenaline service
we 're looking for the most stunning appetizer , the most amazing entree , and the most delicious dessert .	we want a stunning appetizer , a divine main course and a delicate dessert .
amersfoort y y veer palthe voûte ( vpv ) n.v .	amsterdam y y unigarant financiële diensten b.v .
wojska polskiego 71b , pl-60630 poznan barenbrug research wolfheze duitsekampweg 60 , 6874 bx wolfheze , nederland xiv a )	po box 439 delmaf , south africa hzpc holland bv randweg 25 emmeloord , nederland veredelingsstaion a.g .
this train stops here due to an accident	the train stopped for an accident .
the plane did n't leave until the afternoon , though , and he had more than six hours to kill .	the plane leaves by mid-afternoon , so he 's got six hours left before him .
why not say it to my fucking face ?	why do n't you tell me in your face ?
i-i wo n't talk !	i-i 'm not talking !
you 're not doing it in the dairy case !	you do n't do it in dairy products .
his mother is diosa cristal de los apóstoles .	the mother is the goddess krystal from the apostles .
each one buys us limitless expression .	everyone gives us an unlimited expression .
next thing i know , five years have gone by with me sitting behind a desk , and i 'm thinking to myself ,	and the next thing i 'd realize is the next five years ... i 'd just sit behind my desk and think about it .
a device that kills the mind no wonder the magog want it .	the weapon that will kill the mind is not the body , i understand that the magoog wanted her .
for purchased receivables the grouping shall reflect the seller 's underwriting practices and the heterogeneity of its customers ;	in respect of claims acquired for remuneration , it reflects a grouping of subscription procedures selling and diversity of its clients .
western support has been slow to nonexistent .	the west 's help was slow , but mostly none .
i thought ... dreamt ... remembered ... how easy it is for a painter to lose a painting .	i was thinking ... dreaming ... remembering how easily a painter could kill an image .
apparently , the idea was to maintain the historical market shares of the various producers . ’	it was apparently about maintaining the market 's historic shares for individual producers. ``
vacant and content , poor cows .	an empty , contented expression , poor calves .
and ? and it costs ten dollars for lunch and the bus .	and a snack with a bus costs $ 10 .
'you are the dickhead ! '	`` you 're a cunt ! ''
could you please open this door ?	would you mind opening the door ?
there are differences , and what i want to tell you :	there 's a difference ... ... and i wanted to say :
carbon price evolution reference ( frag . action , ref . fossil f. prices )	price of carbon price reference price ( partial operation , rep. price of fossil fuels )
the bastard blew up my friend 's head .	that son of a bitch cut his head off with a friend of mine .
some people have all the luck .	it 's someone 's luck .
`` anyone that dances the way you do being surprised at a phone call .	`` anyone who can dance like you ca n't surprise a phone like you .
the plane beat an ltalian at the schneider cup , twice .	this type of plane has twice defeated italians in schneider 's cup .
i 'd like now to do for you my tribute to that fantastic performer , a great lady ,	let me now pay tribute to the fantastic singer and great woman
mr and mrs tietjens ?	mr. and mrs. tietjens .
that suit 's awful .	this suit is terrible .
you fell asleep . quite natural .	it 's natural to sleep .
i 'll put you up for an `` attaboy . ''	i 'm gon na promote you to a `` guy . ''
because five million dollars buys me !	you have me bought for $ 5 million .
splendid , just like your mother !	and look , you 're as beautiful as your mother .
since graves ' disease can go into remission , a doctor may decide to try other drugs instead .	given that graves ' disease will sometimes fade , doctors can also opt for other medicines .
the baby 's safe .	even a child is safe .
my grandma and grandpa , they -- they got really scared . what ?	they were afraid to touch me , my grandmother and my grandfather .
users can choose page themes	users can select a theme view
those concerns originated from the high intricacy of the measures which appeared to be unnecessarily complicated to fix the future liquidity challenges of fih .	these concerns resulted from a great deal of complexity , which seemed unnecessary in order to solve fih 's future liquidity problems .
an explosion of c4 would take out anything within 30 feet of it ...	such an explosion of c-4 will blow up everything within a radius of ten meters .
who remembers my two friends	you remember our two friends ,
there 's got to be a connection we 're not seeing .	there must be links we do n't see .
as it came on , its structure began to change .	as she approached , there were changes in its structure .
bibliographic record entry bucket note	note to item list of bibliographic records
did you stay up late today ?	are you still working late tonight ?
the littluns began to run about , screaming .	the little people started running around screaming .
do you mean by this , that you can not join our small celebration this evening ?	are you saying you ca n't attend our little party tonight ?
almost all of the budget was committed : carry-overs amounted to 1,5 million euro .	almost all budget appropriations were allocated to commitments ; €1.5 million was carried out .
`` then a few more meals of cold foodpaks from the colonel 's extra provisions bag .	`` then there 's some food in the refrigerated sachets of colonel kasset 's special baggage .
then lose some weight !	i want you to lose weight .
500 m runway edge lighting and/or centreline marking 250/300 m ( notes 1 & 2 )	500 m drawing side lights or axis 250 / 300 m ( note 1 and 2 )
too late marsh realized his mistake .	he was too late to realize what error he had made .
si has set up an environmental technologies excellence centre .	slovenia established a so-called excellence center for environmental technologies .
that 's not necessary .	it wo n't be necessary .
you understand the difficult position in which i am placed .	do you understand how difficult this position puts me ?
also in the day 's news , though circulated earlier , was a report about the discovery of nicholas sloane 's severed fingers by his distraught father .	the daily paper that came out early this morning was also news that the half-mad father had discovered the severed fingers of nick sloan .
histories ! stilgar had sought out paul earlier to discuss the logistics computations for the zabulon conquest .	history ! stilgar has tried to talk to paul about the logistical propositions of zabul 's campaign .
but sensing that her face had been found , the goddess responded with a sudden transformation .	but as she sensed her face was revealed , she reacted with a rapid change .
i will not letyou hurt a child !	i wo n't let you hurt the kids !
crises are typically associated with a drop not only in actual growth , but also in a country ’ s growth potential , owing to deferred investment .	the crisis is usually accompanied by a decline not only for current growth , but because of deferred investment and the country 's growth potential .
they request engineering and medical assistance . ''	they demand technical and medical help. ``
these are lovely .	oh , they 're cute .
both squatted and made just enough room for the priest to sit .	they dismounted , so the priest could sit .
the car rounded a curve and drove past a white fence enclosing a grassy area .	the car came out of the curve and continued around the white fence of the cutting grass fence .
it has n't got a mind of its own !	he does n't have his own consciousness , his own brain !
this is my doc ...	that 's my doctor ...
it 's wrong of you to make me nervous , to crush my ambition .	you 're making a mistake for making me nervous that you 're destroying my ambition ,
how about we just get good singers ?	and how do you find such a good singer ?
oh , my mustang tripped -- threw me 'way over his head .	the mustang faltered - and i commanded him over my head .
in the evening ?	what about tonight ?
here it 's the cellar .	there 's a basement .
we all got ta go sometime .	we 'll have to go someday .
you 're confined to the dormitory until 7:00 tomorrow morning .	you have a house arrest until tomorrow until 7 : 00 a.m .
so you were not aware of any of the ongoing investigations --	so you did n't know about the ongoing investigation ...
`` a unicef clearasil gibberish 'n ' drivel o mennen mylar muriel with a hey derry turn gardol o yuban necco glamorene ?	`` a unicef ceresol dopingiel'n'an 'drolon oh junge leute muriel hey slowanne rauchen ferboten ó juwel net glaverbel ?
'aal izz well '	aal iz well , aal iz well .
if this were a movie , we could take on the bad guys ourselves .	if it were in the film , we would deal with the negative ones ourselves .
his rage ignited anew .	his anger flared again .
ghost spiders crawled along the back of martie ’ s neck and crept down the staircase of her spine .	martie felt as though she was crawling with invisible spiders from the back of her neck .
made nests inside man 's sunday hats .	they built a nest inside a sunday hat .
everything i have tried has failed .	nothing i tried did n't work .
yeah , people put those up to remember the troops .	people remind themselves of the soldiers .
i have no doubt that is how your friend was taken !	i bet that 's what your friend was gon na take .
there 's no mistake ?	you 're not wrong ?
well , your ear canals appear to be getting infected . that could be a head cold getting worse .	it looks like you have an infection in your ears . that may be from a cold .
she 's lily , a special friend of mine	this is lily , my good friend .
she wore an orange coast guard parka and looked disheveled , like she 'd been through a war .	she was wearing a coastguard orange jacket , looking distinctly unkempt-as if she were just returning from battle .
are youin optrica , or within bedrosian borders ?	are you in optrice or the bedroo border ?
but not telling her 's worse . - uh ...	but do n't say anything worse .
the attacks remain confined to the new york metropolitan area .	his tenure is limited to new york city .
unless he cares about something a lot more than his diet .	so if she does n't care about anything more than her diet .
then while you make up your mind ... ... how about i tell you what you can get for me ?	before you change your mind , what if i told you what you could do for me , andy bellefleur ?
a damn army whore	fucking military bitch .
my positronic subprocessor detected high-frequency interphasic signatures from the organisms which are symbolically represented in my dreams by a high shriek .	my positronic sub-processor revealed a high frequency phase signature of those organisms , which was unloaded in my dreams like a wire-tapping sound .
another beadle had come into power .	a new serbus was in power .
thank you , isetta .	thanks to eisedo .
he 's not saying .	he did n't say .
people paid to beat the hell outta my truck ?	did people pay to get my car smashed ?
national federation of transport unions cgt , 8. the royal belgian road hauliers ' federation , 9 .	fédération nationale des syndicats de transports cgt , 8 .
y'all take it easy , bye bye !	be cool , bye-bye !
i 'm the man who 's going to put a bullet between your eyes !	the one who 's gon na shoot you in the eye !
finally ! after 3,000 years , my evil army of the damned , my beautiful , beautiful army , shall be unleashed !	after three thousand years , my beautiful accursed army will awaken again .
delete or archive a message	deleting and archiving messages
after your fine wedding .	after my beautiful marriage .
how is it living with your roommate ?	how do you live with her ?
there was some petechial haemorrhaging , which is ...	he 's got a couple of petechial hemorrhoids ...
6 months now . um ...	it 's been six months .
ah , jeez , all of 'em .	oh , god , for everyone .
plenty of women , all are licking lollipops .	a lot of women just lick their lollipops .
we 're not buying a dodgy mondeo ...	we do n't buy dirty mondeo .
this , uh ... mental hospital ,	it 's a mental hospital .
in addition , they must ensure that the persons manufacturing these are authorised manufacturers .	they must also ensure that these medicinal products have been manufactured by approved manufacturers .
she met alan in a basement conference room that had just been repainted but still smelled ` of smoke .	she hurried after alan into the ground-floor conference room , which they repainted , but there was still smoke .
your case has been appealed 3 times .	you called three times .
and that something you ca n't put into words .	it 's something that , in words , can not be expressed .
yann le pentrec a.k.a .	yann pantrec - dobrman
there 's no fatty acids , no fiber .	there are no fats or fibers .
papa , there 's a letter .	daddy , you have the letter .
you 've been chasing him , too !	you 're going after him too .
drive by karaolos on your tour .	put caraolos in for a tour .
'you have n't answered me ! '	`` you did n't answer me ! ''
'that ... is ... supposed ... to ... be ... a ... surprise ? ... '	`` this ... do you think ... of ... surprise ? ''
enable full-duplex audio so i can speak while receiving audio	enable full duplex for audio ( possibility of speaking while listening to sound )
think of all the loved ones you almost left behind .	think about everyone you love , and who you nearly left behind .
this is the academy ...	it 's an academy .
everything seems to be ok .	looks like everything 's okay .
everything in here is from the '30s .	it 's all in the 1930s .
every year , police prefectures organise campaigns for the disposal of illegal weapons and ammunition obtained from citizens .	police districts are organising campaigns each year to dismantle illicit weapons and ammunition in the holding of the population .
caslet smiled back , then glanced at macmurtree .	caslet apologised to the smile and looked at macmurraz .
why do n't we ever talk about theories to put into practice ?	why we never talk about theories that can be used practically .
there would soon be all the water they could drink .	soon they 'll have as much water as they can drink .
shut the door gently as she left .	then she quietly left and closed behind him .
commander haber was about to come forward with information pertaining to a crew member 's illegal drug use .	commander haber should have come ... ... with information regarding ... ... a crewman using illegal drugs .
instantly all pain flowed away from him .	the pain immediately disappeared .
return immediately to give your report personally .	come back immediately and report in person .
i wo n't let such crimes go unpunished , and hope nothing like that happens to any of your children .	and i will not allow such crimes to be punished without punishment , and i do not want anything like this to happen to your children .
tobin had come here to open this chest .	tobin was coming here and opening the chest .
this was unusual because the samarians were considered outcasts and of low moral fibre .	this was unusual then , as samara was considered an outcast of a society with low morale .
doc , you 've got to see what you 're doing is-is a little creepy .	doctor , what you do is pretty scary .
q'hat 's awful . '	`` that 's terrible . ''
i am afraid it has just gone to the toilet on my head , sir . '	`` i 'm afraid he 's mistaken my head with a trouser ! ''
mischa loved that song ...	the peacock liked this song .
why bother with something paltry like a little extramarital boogie-woogie when you can have the recalcitrant home owner slapped in jail for arson ?	why dwell on some petty extramarital mess when they were able to get a rebellious homeowner into prison for arson ?
he sings , he taps !	he sings and dances .
he knew that the senses , no less than the soul , have their spiritual mysteries to reveal .	he knew that even in his senses , as in his soul , a spiritual secret could be revealed .
brown & root insisted to proceed with structural personnel changes .	brown & root has insisted on restructuring the composition of employees .
'that 's the order , is it ? ' said vimes .	'you have an order , are n't you ? 'said vimes .
nor could yeltsin attack the chechen crime syndicates with his police and courts , because these are weak and riddled with corruption .	he could not challenge the chechen mafia or corrupt police and justice .
i don´t know , maybe -- maybe find myself a little adventure .	i do n't know , maybe ... maybe go on some adventures .
immigration gun was drawn .	immigration 's pulled out the guns .
you need not worry .	do n't worry about it .
it is lovely how prosecutors , defense attorneys are all working together here .	it 's nice how the defense and the prosecution cooperate .
because if councilor fey'lya 's group was also trying to take over military intelligence .	if the group around councilor fey'lyi tried to control the military intelligence ...
married some rich broad owns the company ... selling it off a piece at a time then divorcing her ?	to get married for some rich bitch who owns her own company , sell it in pieces when we get divorced ?
`` i carried in a pitiful bunch of mums and daisies in a thick green vase .	i put the poor bundle of chrysanthems into a massive green vase .
make your ma proud .	mom would be proud of you .
are we meeting someone ?	you want to meet someone ?
okay . you good ?	are you all right ?
gon na start a war ? ''	going to war ? ``
here the architect eliminated the galleries , now we 've just got a three part elevation .	so the architect removed the gallery and that left three parts .
everybody 's been talkin ' about it .	everyone 's talking about that now .
emergency protocol dictates that if a bomb goes off , all confidential intelligence is transferred to off-site servers .	emergency protocols in the event of a bomb attack warrant , move all secret messages to off-line servers .
cry , come one !	scream , it 's coming !
this was no accident .	it was n't an accident
we ’ re not paying rent .	we do n't have to pay the rent .
these mix with the natural oil of the skin and become absorbed in the stratum corneum .	they mingle with natural oily skin and assimilate into a corner layer .
'behave yourself , ' sparhawk chided .	'oh , come on , 'sparhawk told her .
what bigger honour is there	what a greater honor ...
changing train crews is , therefore , another reason why trains stop at borders .	the exchange of trains is yet another reason for stopping the train at the border .
we wan na go up !	we want to climb .
sometimes , you 've just got ta roll the dice .	sometimes you just have to take a chance .
flooring for fowl should be solid , as this enables the provision of substrate to encourage foraging and possibly help to reduce the incidence of feather pecking .	poultry areas should have a solid floor allowing the use of the substrate to support the search for food and reduce the presence of harmful flagging feathers .
i got ta eat .	i have to eat !
the general says i 'm epileptic -	the general said i had epilepsy ...
they would hurt a lot more after i slept on them .	they will hurt much more when i 'm asleep in my sleep .
you are very friendly .	you 're really nice .
you 've been utterly clandestine .	you were completely inconspicuous .
the army 's almost in range .	the army is nearly within reach .
that reflexive gag at the back of their throat ?	the feeling of vomiting deep in your throat ?
'you 're sure ? '	`` is that sure ? ''
would you consider the cinema of the caribbean ?	how about a caribbean movie ?
`` i had a six-foot tapeworm removed .	`` they took my 2-foot tapeworm .
folk be telling all kind of tales about what that mean .	people tell different stories about what they mean .
we will put that computer to work .	we 'll get the computer working .
no sixth sense of any kind ?	you do n't even have a sixth sense ?
currently , a number of obstacles to cross-border voting exist .	there are currently several hurdles for cross-border voting .
a decent woman keeps certain things private .	respectable women have some things confidential .
is that sweater made of bees ?	the sweater 's from the bees ?
do you think philip took this surveillance photograph himself ? –it does look like philip 's handiwork , does n't it ? –hmm .	this incriminating photo taken by philip in person ? - it looks like philip 's work .
the plane ticket 's been changed to the concorde . it leaves in exactly 39 minutes .	the ticket has been converted into a concorde , leaving you behind for 39 minutes .
you think i 'm stupid ?	do you have a fool for me ?
it 's always all about your film !	everything must be about your movie !
there was some contention the change might generate a low-level electrical field .	it was a claim that the transformation could create an electric field of low intensity .
fear leaped through him .	he got scared .
slap my ass , daddy !	hit me in the butt , dad !
the romanians ’ pronouncement seemed to have made the others feel the need to declare themselves as well .	the romanian statement seemed to make others say what they felt .
somebody wants their job back .	someone would want his job .
hit me . jesus christ almighty !	oh , my god .
he 's coming , boss !	here we go , boss .
short - term rental without limit	short-term lease - limitless
hey . how was your day ?	how were you today ?
26881 svalöf , se solana agrar-produkte gmbh .	lajike , jonka on ositettu tuottavan siemeniä , joissa glumesinolaattien enimmäispitoisuus on 25 micromoolia grammalta ja joissa erukahappopitoisuus on enintään 2 pleenttia raambhappojen kokonaispitoisuudesta ( 00-lajike ) .
no . none at all .	no , not one .
it 's not fun to play alone	there 's no fun playing by itself .
dude ... ... you iust woke the dragon up .	now you 've woken the dragon !
oh , that does smell ... it 's a beautiful smell , is n't it ?	it smells wonderful .
defines the network identification .	he identifies the net .
require the following for reenrollment :	for rewriting to demand :
yet it 's sore hurt ye are .	but you 're badly hurt .
he 'd arranged a careful romantic candlelit supper .	he organized a thoroughly researched romantic dinner in candlelight .
he was shot in the foot , then the knee .	he has a bullet wound to his leg and his knee .
mandrake was being brought up in the sacre coeur convent school .	alraune is to be bred in the convent school of sacre-courier .
say , you guys still asleep ?	tell me . are you still sleepy ?
take it easy , right ?	just relax , okay ?
how could i possibly be jealous of her ?	how would it be possible for me to be jealous ?
good . - is everybody ready ?	are they all ready ?
it 's so humiliating .	this is so embarrassing .
ca n't be that much ! stupid !	not so much , fool !
he could hear gina at the door , yelling to him to get out , to leave it alone .	he heard gina screaming at him in the doorway to let it go and run away .
one of the slow kids ?	with a slower baby ?
her “ right to buy ” policy triggered an upward spiral in house prices , which encouraged households to take on more and more debt .	its policy of `` right-to-buy '' took off an upward spiral of housing prices that encouraged households to become increasingly indebted .
i 'm off to commit adultery !	i 'm out of charge of committing adultery .
takes a meeting with the accountant or with his lawyer .	he has meetings with accountants or lawyers .
you are all amazed .	you 're surprised everyone .
against the conventions ! ''	it contradicts all conventions ! '
we 'll get working on that discharge paperwork .	we 're going to work on the release paperwork .
`` all those who gain power are afraid to lose it . ''	everyone who gets power is worried about losing it .
and i said that it does .	and i told you he meant .
therefore , listen to my proposal . ''	listen to what i 'm suggesting ! '
how can i calm myself ... ... with everyone staring at me as if blood was on my face ?	how do i calm down when everyone stares at me like i 've got a broken nose ?
you ai n't from around here no more .	you 're not out of here .
fear will bind you closer than love , or hate , and it works a hell of a lot quicker .	fear draws two people more than love or hatred and acts setter faster .
oh , but what 's money to an artist ?	what would artists be money for ?
captain first rank melekhin was as good as his word .	the captain of the first class , melechin , made his word .
unique ways to film everyone 's extraordinary abilities .	a unique way of filming exceptional skills .
this is degrading .	it 's humiliating .
i 'm so mad at myself for voting for my bonus .	i was pretty upset that i voted for the bonus .
by my 30th birthday , i had , according to my uncle become a blemish on the family name .	in my 30 years , my uncle sees me as a family of black .
• replace with a fully charged battery .	• change the battery in charge
oh , they were fluffy indigenous kittens , till we came along .	they were like a lovely native kitten until we came .
she 's such a pleasure to follow .	it is really happy to follow her .
do n't wan na be seen with me ?	do you want to see me ?
her face was puffed up with too much red wine , and her hair needed a comb through it .	her face was swollen by the heavy consumption of red wine , her hair called upon the ridge .
i 'm a get my baby daddy , who just got out of prison ,	and now i 'm gon na tell the father of my baby that they just released from prison
secondly there is the question of fiallach .	second , there 's a problem with fiallach .
he glanced around at the faces in the small crowd , nodding pleasantly—a man without a nervous bone in his body .	he looked around at the small huddle , then nodded to them - a man with no nerves .
smoking more now but getting high less ?	you smoke all the time , but do you still smoke less and less ?
let me ask her to forgive me !	i want to ask her forgiveness .
then why is he attacking all those other elephants ?	then why do the others attack ?
it 's taken its last victim .	he 's taking his final victim .
soon the samurai came back with four semi-naked kaga-men and their kaga .	soon , a samurai returned with a quartet of half-naked kags and stretchers .
a second cure period shall not apply in respect of a default in the performance of such future obligations .	a further deadline for remedying the case for non-compliance with such future obligations shall not be granted .
tangible , audible laughter , rich and satisfied .	a palpable , loud laugh , full of satisfaction .
it'il take 5 minutes to put him to sleep , then we will come in and get him .	give him a drink . it 'll be five minutes before he 's asleep , then we 'll come pick him up .
even nastasya had not touched it .	she did n't even move nastasia .
i 'm dying now .	i should have died .
shall we have a drink ?	let 's get a drink .
how 's yijia doing ?	what does yijia do ?
she often wondered if having jack fix dinner was worth the wreckage he made of her room .	she often wondered whether it would be worthwhile for jack to prepare his dinner when he was leaving behind such a terrible pairing .
diabetes mellitus diabetic patients with an elevated glucose concentration ( e.g . in excess of 300 mg/dl ) may present with pseudohyponatraemia .	diabetes mellitus diabetics with increased glucose concentrations ( e.g . over 300 mg / dl ) can also suffer from pseudohyponatremia .
listen to me , ya lousy bum .	listen , you son of a bitch .
blood blossomed on its ragged clothes .	there was blood on his torn clothing .
chitinous forms plunged underwater , reminding kaa of some horror movie about giant crabs .	beneath the water , the chitin-arcing figures began to trickle in , kaaj reminded of a horror movie about huge cramps .
that proves nothing .	but it does n't prove anything .
the committee feels that eu needs to step up its efforts in this field .	the committee is of the opinion that european efforts should be intensified in this area .
unable to take vengeance when it is placed before you ?	unable to get revenge when i 'm in front of you ?
i 've put this off far too long .	i put it away for a long time .
the sun does not always come .	the sun still has n't worked .
starch pregelatinised talc ( e553b )	gelatin titanium dioxide ( e171 )
they 're even better at killing .	even more so than in the killing .
feeling all right ?	you feel okay ?
everyone has signed already .	they 've all signed .
he and tremont were sitting in the dark sunroom that looked out over the nighttime deck and grassy lawn .	they sat together in a darkened winter garden overlooking evening terrace and lawn .
`` the spirit paths , ' answered the brigante .	'the trail of spirit , 'brigant replied .
and then-landless , armyless , brazen , bold-faced opportunist after all ! -he had proposed marriage to her .	and then the unsavoury cynical insolent offered her marriage .
it 's about 20 min . by car .	we 'll take the car in 20 minutes .
she 's in the 'fresher . '	it 's in , `` freshener . ''
'it 's stressful this managing lark , you know , i 'm starting to think i was a bit hard on wood sometimes . '	`` making a captain is a bit of a strain , sometimes i think i 'm at wood occasionally being unnecessarily tough ... ''
contact utility companies and sign up for new service	connect with businesses of public service and sign off on new services
she does not want ?	and she wants to ?
that means nothing in film .	that does n't mean anything about the movie .
it 's just people make other choices	only people choose other things .
i 'm ... opening my own restaurant .	open your own restaurant ?
mr corleone insists on hearing bad news immediately .	mr. corleone wants to know the bad news now .
you may be asleep by then .	you might as well sleep .
everybody 's got friends .	everyone has a friend .
this will aim to fight the growing threat and occurrence of large scale attacks against information systems more effectively .	it will be able to combat rising threats more effectively , with increasing numbers of large-scale attacks on information systems .
the tides were mild and the fog light last night .	there was a weak tide last night , and a slight fog .
nose : a slope down which eyes dispatched their hatred .	the nose : the slope , followed by its hatred .
promised i was gon na look out for him .	i promised i 'd keep an eye on him .
mr stevenson , were ready for the photograph with consul zhang .	mr. stevenson , he 's ready to take a photo of mr. consul chang .
a sibilant sound , part impatience , part exasperation , part irritation , came sliding down shadowspawn 's hawkish nose .	hanse snorted , a hissing noise from his hawkish nose , something between impatience , irritation and anger .
their glorious deaths shall unite us all in a ...	their heroic death will bring us all together and ...
george gon na come back all right .	george will be back in order .
that 's gon na be good .	this is going to be okay .
we 're only separated by this wall .	it 's just this wall that separates us .
unjust as lantu 's disgrace might be , there was no point refusing to profit over a matter of principle which could help neither of them in the end .	no matter how unfair the shame of the first admiral was , it makes no sense to refuse profits in the end , when neither of them can benefit .
